Schedule for BSCS Orientation Ceremony for Batch'17
Hello Everyone, i was the student of medical, now i just changed my group from medical to engineering, but due to corona virus exam are canceled, am i eligible to apply for Fast  as medical student?? AT FAST KARACHI campus.
Salam, I got admission in bs cs Karachi (and everywhere else) and i have paid the fees but i do not have Olevels documents as they are gone for equivalnce and neither Alevels since result is on 11th, will my admission be deterred in any way?
Admissions are open in IST Islamabad for undergraduate admissions. You can apply for test Which will be taken by NTS. 
Private hostel is better or uni hostel ?
What should i do  1..civil from risalpur  2.      computer    engeenring from eme    3.chemical from H12 ... 4.mechanical engineering from air university
We warmly welcome our students back to FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Spring 2020. We hope you all had a pleasant and cozy winters and are as excited as we are about the new semester.
FAST eligibility matric 60% and fsc 50% hai na BSCS ki?
If someone is selected in higher preference , does it mean they have merit for lower preferences too?
I'm a poor student, Is there scholarships in fast nuces?
anyone have idea regarding BBA merit ?
Is there any hostel nearby Fast where majority of fast students are residing at? And I have heard that it is too hard to survive in fast so I am just making sure and asking you all is it possible for an average student to survive there and how is it hard? Assignments burden or it is the exams.
Hi  Is there any option of paying semester fee in installments? If yes, how? Also, when will we be intimated about classes schedule?
Assalam u alikum  Very curious question If i have put any subject on first preferece and 2nd guy have puttin same subject in 2nd preference and that 2nd guy have scored more marks then me who will they select first?!
I received a email from fast and it says that u r contionally selected on the basis on nts so its means I am selected?but they doesn‚Äôt give me any aggregate on which I selected so tell me plz,what is the meaning of contionally selected?means if I fulfil there requirements then I will be selected?????
Admission process for undergraduate programs..? Only Fsc 1 or both parts numbers are required...?
Anyone considering Bachelor in Cyber Security and Digital Forensics this year? in Fast/Air?
If anyone knows stuff about bs accounting and finance DM me.
Whose name is in the 2nd list... What is the last date to pay the fee??
What is the monthly average expenditure of people staying at hostels?
Anyone here who gave nets last year and now is preparing for NET-1 (business test) ?
Merit position #603 in Business studies and social sciences. Are their any chances of admission in NBS?
Does ITU is now offering BS Computer Engineering?
When UET Taxila 9th merit list has been displayed ?
What is closing merit  of EE mcs in 2nd merit list?
fast university peshawar campus VS university of lahore  for BS Software engineering which one is best?
Orientation timings? EE group?
What is the last merit no in second list for comp engg
Is the 'maila' of the backside of the EE guys?
Which one is best for future scope? And somehow present scope too..!
As I get to know some of students are getting confused about in campus classes. As far as I know I got the information from Aftab Sir and his PA classes for new batch will start on 21st September not from coming week. But as they change timetable again this needs to be re-confirm. Secondly Aftab sir said FAST is planning to keep continue the course as Hybrid-way (in campus & live online class). Because of social distancing students were not allowed to sit together so they are planning to provide that option whoever wants to take class he/she can come to campus or can take live-class from where he/she wants. live-class through any compatible software like live-session of facebook. But that Hybrid-way is still to be confirmed they haven't decided their final decision on that.
Hello. Are there any good hostels near  "FAST ISB" also what are the average charges?
Anyone selected for NICE?
Any andidates who have secured atleast 60% marks in HSC/DAE/A-Level (Equivalence of... IBCC Required for A and O Level) excluding grace marks and cleared the NTS Pre-Admission Entry Test with minimum 20 marks are required to follow the process below. 1. Open student portal at admissions.duet.edu.pk and reprint your online admission form. If any correction required on it correct it manually by writing on form, please correct intermediate marks also. Please sign beside your correction. 3. Sign at Candidate signature and Submit the documents and form at designated TCS Centers The last date to submit all documents alongwith form is 12th October 2018.
Anyone applied for MCS hostel drop a comment..
My merit position is 103 for Architecture. Any chance I can get in?? Considering the covid situation and all.
Anyone in cyber security and digital forensics ?
which field is best?
If we apply for MS programme on basis of both GAT and NU test, will they consider the best score out of these two? or are there separate seats GAT and NU basis? can anyone tell please. Thanks
Metric    80% Fsc 1.     64% Any chance in bs data science isb campus
MCE(nust) Civil Vs IST aerospace engineering Which is better option?
Anyone from nust quetta civil engineering branch?? Need some information  Thank you
How to apply for MCS HOSTEL?
Which one is better for electrical engineering. 1. Nutech University 2. Sir syed CASE University
Transport and Hostel Facility will be provided to the students on no profit no loss. Areas and Fee will be defined later. Thank you.
Bs (artificial intelligence) kesi field ha . please guide !
Previously i can see my result (MS) on fast website, but now it say no record found
Hello ppl Can you guys guide me I have a question regarding Fast  My preference w Karachi and islamabad In my result it was written I'm selected for Karachi campus My question is if my aggregate meet the minimum for both campuses will they show that I'm selected in both or we have to contact them for preferred campus..
Aoa Everyone The guys who selected in Nust CEME and wanted to avail hostel accommodation..then it's true that you have to pay 80k.. So we all Junior's decided to mail them.. Is par mail karein.. Min 100 mail required..... Subject: NUST CEME HOSTEL DUES ISSUE
Karachi University Self Finance/Donor Seats Forms are available Now?
Merit position 3192 any chance in civil balouchistan campus ??
Assalamualaikum... I have been selected for the admission but there is no info about my financial aid interview . I filled the form about 2-3 weeks ago yet there is not a single message and they have asked me to pay the fee by 12 aug. Kindly help.. Edit: post ki thori der baad call agyi xDDD
Selected in civil engineering at scee nice Islamabad in 4 th list. With 1280 postion
when Liaquat National Medical College Admissions will opened?
Accounting & finance Ka closing merit?
Preference Setting in PUCTI | CS / SE / IT Preference setting is completely your own decision tell your preference to PUCIT and you will get the class where your merit fits in. The important point to note here is If we have lower merit and we put IT A NC as the first preference and just in case your merit falls in IT M NC which usually has higher merit than Afternoon section. You will not be considered for any of your lower preferences at all. Always set your first priorities... on top preference no matter how low is your merit. As merit decrease with the new merit lists (2nd, 3rd) your name will automatically be promoted to your upper preferences if your merit falls in that class. Asking about the difference in OC and NC. It is exactly same as per the courses, labs and teachers. Choose the campus which is lesser in distance. SE vs CS vs IT always a top most question in every student mind. After 4 four years SE CS IT Morning/After OC/NC they all will be treated as exactly the same and start their career as Software Engineer following the same career path with exactly same pay scales. Still want to known what the difference is ?? Ok with an apology juniors this is too hard for an intermediate pass student to clearly understand what technical difference is but I will try my best. CS students will be offered Compiler Construction and System programming while SE students are tilted towards Project Management + Design Architect and study Software Design Architecture, Software Requirement Engineering courses. Ok you're lost in the techy discussion, warned your already :D Not lost ? okkk if you want to know more about the curriculum hit this link and check courses of each degree https://pucit.edu.pk/academic-programs/ To support my arguments and just to let you know CS/SE/IT is the debate not for PUCIT or Pakistan only. Other international universities also have these degree programs with very minor differences at BS level. On MS level you might a lot of difference in MS Data Science vs MS Network Engineer (All CS/SE/IT are eligible to apply any follow-up MS programs). Check these videos from some CS bloggers and you will learn more about these fields. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKEwYgLW9TU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxvQYZJNLxI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VpDcjFshJI ------------- Jazib Humayun, Software Engineer PUCIT Visiting faculty University of the Punjab, Lahore.
Is there any alevels student jis ne bioscience ka test diya hai ? Cambridge hasn't issued the certificates yet and even in emergency it takes 14 to 15 days for the equivalency to be made to 10th october tuk kese bane gi ?
Fatima Jinnah Dental College Admissions Updates (BDS)
What is the Last Date of Forms Submission ?
FAST-NUCES Chiniot Faisalabad Campus is seeking Lab Instructors with a passion for teaching and research. All interested candidates are encouraged to apply for the mentioned positions. #FASTNU #fasnucfdcampus #jobopportunity
Recommended Hostels for Boys & Girls.?
As we know ka har uni ka admission close ho gaye ha computer se related like fast, comsats, Air... Etc.... To kia nust ma chances ha ka computer se related  ka merit giray..
Hey Guys, I was searching for a good University to join for C.S. so I told a cousin about Fast and he said that there was Mid 1 and 2 in Lahore branch. So I wanted to confirm that is it also in Islamabad branch? Need some quick answers please...
Board Wise STATISTICS Comparison (Last 3 Years)
CS from GIKI or FAST Islamabad?
No of canidates for CS? 
For A level students, what is the last date to submit A levels equivalence certificate?
Will there be physical class on 19th or online?
Can you transfer your field(from data science to computer science) in fast?
Punjab College Sargodha visit to FAST-NU, CFD campus..?
Can Fast offers four specialization options in BS(EE) program. - Power Engineering  - Electronic Engineering  - Computer Engineering  - Telecom Engineering?
So I received this email today, can someone tell me if the university will conduct classes tomorrow or just the orientation?
I'm selected in BS SE (isb) ..can i switch to CS i have 92% in matric and 82.9% in fsc? And how do i calculate my aggregate?
3rd merit list \ selection list kb lg rhi
////////////////////////////////////////////

Liaquat National Admissions Updates For Doctor of Physiotherapy (DPT)?
People selected in MCS(SE or EE) & EME(computer )  Drop your merit positions?
When COMSATS University Islamabad (Fall 2018 Semester) Admissions Open?
Anyone who's applied for SADA (Architecture and industrial design)  please drop your merit positions and aggregate?
dAte Sheet FoR MiDS???? :(
Is Admissions Open in BBA? 
Anyone who have registered themselves in Fast and paid the fees, i have some queries.  Need Help!!
I have 91.2% in part 1. And 1021 in matric. As there is no entry test in 2020 in Fast. Can I get admission in Fast Nuces. I want the campus best for study. So which campus is best?
Someone knows that when  undergraduate admissions will be started?
All you need to Know about universities admission? 
Can you give me career guidance and scope of different feilds which is dilemma of every candidate.
Fee Structure ?
I'm facing problems in filling form for Ehsaas scholar ship plz help me. 1- There ain't any option like businessman or business owner. 2- They have asked employer name while my father runs his personal business. 3- what if someone has adopted siblings. Should they be added or not. 4- I studied in college on full scholarship what should I mention in college fee section.... 5- Mera abhi tak CNIC ni bana aur unho ny CNIC expiry date pochi hoi...
I have taken NAT test in december,2019. Is it valid for fall undergraduate program 2020??? Someone said to me that fast will only accept the tests which have been taken 3 months before from the deadline only
Merit no 5000 any chance in any field for PC seats?
Admission Updates In Ziauudin University 
Is MBBS BDS PHARMACY  BE... Biomedical Engineering  BS-CMS BS-ASLT is present in university
Aoa...Anyone here joining EME campus of NUST from Taxila or Wah....I want to ask about transport...Seniors please guide Please approve...
When UG Programmes will Start
60.1% chances in chemical engineering??
Any one who needs hostel near fast ?
Has HEC annouced policies of Universities exams 2020?
At FAST CFD Campus we have the top-notch faculty and facilities to equip you for a better future?
I applied for BS Chem and Applied Biosciences and gave NET. Now I have to update my preferences. Can somebody guide me what do I have to do.. Should I opt for both BS Chem and Applied Biosciences or just one? My merit No. For BS chem is 323. Is this enough for H-12 campus?
MBA & BBA Admissions at FAST ?
BS(se) is best option or BS(cs) plzz anyone who guid me batter ?
Hello. Please help if you know.  I was a medical student last year and obtained 86% marks in FSC pre-medical but didn't get admission in MBBS so I decided to do additional maths this year and gave exams of them.  Now, my result still awaits of FSC Pre-Engineering of both first year and second year so can I add my fsc pre medical marks while applying for fast? Because if I add only matric marks, my aggregate score will be significantly lower due to that 0.9 factor. Can someone guide please?
AOA..anyone know about lab assistant test pattern?
Got admission email ....quetta campus ...üòÖ ...need guidance
hostel vs flats which is better for fast faisalabad campus!! any suggestion
Can someone please tell me the closing merit or minimum aggregate for Electrical Engineering (PNEC) ?
I got selected in peshawar campus for their bscs program. I got the offer letter but as I live in karachi idk how to proceed further. They have given me the time to submit documents before 24th August. What should I do now?
UNIVERSITY Admissions Fields with Eligibility Criteria BE Mechanical (PE ‚Äì 60%)... BE Electrical (PE - 60%)  BE Computer System (PE ‚Äì 60%)  BS Computer Science (PE ‚Äì 50%) BS Software Engineering (PE ‚Äì 50%)  BBA (Intermediate ‚Äì 50%)  Fee Structure http://www.hamdard.edu.pk/hims-khi/fee-structure/
Second Merit List 
BBSLU ADMISSION UPDATES FOR Pharm-D, BS, B.Ed, ADE, MBA, MA, M.COM
Has anybody dropped out of ID after they weren't upgraded?
What is the expected date of pg 2nd list?
72.26% aggregate. What are my chances in NBS? Economics preferably. 141marks in NBS NET2.
Looking for a job and career in engineering ?! check out career 360 helping new and/or experienced engineers find a career in their respective fields,
Anyone selected for Civil or Chemical in second list, please drop your merit numbers.
Notice for Self Financed Seats
Is fast entry test is hard ? ... Can I prepare for test easily ? In home or will I take class ?
I need guidance for the masters admission test...mainly GAT for the june admissions, i need a good score so that i can score an admission and thats why ill start studying early
Any Info about Ms Data science Second List???
For attending orientation, we have to report to the university at 8:00 AM or 12:00 PM?
Could somebody please recommend the best and most secure private hostels for girls near NUST?
SELECTED IN FAST BSCS (PESHAWAR CAMPUS),Shall i go there?
Which Campus is Best Fast CFD campus or Fast Peshawar campus
Well, it's useless to argue with you people (seniors) as you guys have more knowledge about a university, but my question is. Is FAST a really bad university regarding EE because I really love engineering despite its scope. There are many universities (ordinary) in Pakistan which are offering EE and students are doing it on a very large scale and even people are doing BBA from FAST, NUST, GIKI which I guess is something nobody can understand. My father told me. "Do what you l...ove. The scope doesn't matter and if that thing has really no scope than be the one to make it" So, what is the main problem we are discussing? Is this: 1) EE Degree has no value especially from NUCES,Khr 2) You wouldn't learn something extraordinary. 3) If you have more CGPA (maybe around 3.5) Companies still prefer NUST, GIKI, UET, PIEAS.  4) The student from NUST, GIKI, and PIEAS can outrun you in minutes. I live in Lahore and didn't get admission in FAST,Lhr. But got admission FAST Karachi I even submitted my fee. Do you guys really think its a bad move? EE from FAST,Khr ain't worth it.
Students can get Consession for the below 2 hostels through my reference. DM for reference. üòúüòúüòú
#CFD campus walo , ap k liye
Hey Fellows! Who is taking Data Structures and OOP? And are you taking it as a zero semester or are you guys taking MSDS courses with it?
Is it possible to switch from MSCS to MSDS though I have submitted fee for MSCS?????
Those Who are selected in Mechanical Engineering (Isb)  Drop your Merit Number.   I want to know what is the closing merit of SMME in first list?
Kia pu me agr ek field me merit na bna ho name na aye to field change krne ka chance deti k ni plzzzz tell me??
NTS Has Announced The Result?
59.08 aggregate  . Any chance in Fast BSCS?
Is Computer Engineering from NUST worth it? And why does it have low merit compared to Computer Science and Software Engineering?
just recieve this e-mail form peshwar FAST-NU. They said visit our campus with documents by 13 aug. but i'm living karachi. what'll i do? seniours give help plz..
Hey! Can someone please guide me a little. Isn‚Äôt fast conducting interviews?  Secondly what does conditionally refer to in this case?
Anyone got into mass comm in 2nd list, drop your merit position.

Electrical or chemical engineering from pieas.. Or computer science from fast.. Which one is better..?? 
Kisi ka NBC quetta howa ?  Agr howa to merit no ?  Zalimo ny is baar Quetta ko b brha dya ∏è
Is there any merit base scholarship for students of merit position ranging from 1 to 50???
I didn't find a single official page of fast nuces on any social media ! Even the official website is not so updated ,no information is shared till now regarding opening of campuses ... In short they need to made a official account for students portal
What is Tuition Fee is written in per course: each semester has 5/6 couses? 
FIELDS Options For Pre-Medical 50% & Above) ‚ñ† REQUEST FROM SENIORS
NUML University (BS/BBA/B.Ed....)  Admissions Spring?
617 merit position...any chance in ACF, economics or PA?
Has anyone got the BSCS schedule? I could not attend the orientation.
2nd list for ms? 
Alhamdulillah Selected‚ù§ For BS(CS) ‚ùó Islamabad Campus
Yaar jab ma kisi bhi university  ka alumini ya students sa poochta hu wo mujha yahan recommend krti hai aana and encourage me but fast alumni aur students ka pta nhi kia issue hai inho na itna draya hot hai ka ma khood prashan ho jata hu ka kahin galt decision na la lu.tou unhain problem hi na btao blka solution bhi btaya kro so that they got encouraged.please now no negativity about fast.
I got admission in nust in computer science Balochistan campus zamzama road quetta cantt but I want to get admission is Islamabad campus in any field so I should wait for next list and if next list is not issued by nust so I can change my campus from Balochistan to Islamabady merit position is 4385
Any chance at Civil (Nice) H-12 at 1500 merit position? (Closing merit of 1st merit list is 1036)
Those selected in the 3rd list for BS Physics kindly drop your merit numbers.
how to check a fast result
When will NUST Merit list be announced? What was last year's merit?
Assalam o alikum,81.40 any chance in bscs Islamabad campus kia kehti hai ap log üò®ü•¥
 Question #1: Is S/U option available for FYP/MS Project/MS Thesis?  Answer: No, only letter grade. Question #4: For evaluation based on Satisfied or Unsatisfied, will there be any exam or evaluation criteria?  Answer: Yes, see answer to Q #2. Question #5: What is the option for students who want their GPA to be calculated in a course?  Answer: They should opt for letter grade in that course. Question #6: Are we allowed to choose different options for different courses?  Answer: Yes. Question #7: Unsatisfied means that we have to repeat the course in next semester(s)?  Answer: Yes, course will have to be repeated and passed. However, GPA will not be affected by the U grade. Question #9: Grade U means fail; will it affect GPA?  Answer: U will not affect GPA, however, the course will have to be repeated and passed to be counted in the earned/completed credit hours. Question #10: What is the procedure to drop the course/courses?  Answer: Login to your Flex account and record your choices. Question #11: If I am given an S/U grade, will it have an impact when I apply for admission or scholarship abroad? Answer: Probably not, as every country is affected by COVID-19. However, there are no guarantees. Question #12: I failed the OOP course last semester, can I opt for S/U grade in the current semester? Answer: No. The S/U option is not available for repeat courses, except where the previous grade(s) is W. 
ANYBODY WHO KNOWS NUST PNEC KARACHI CAMPUS LAST MERIT.  Aggregate= 55 Any possibility on PC seat
pay order faysal bank mein submit krwa ker receipt FAST mein deni hai for admission and for transport direct FAST campus mein jama karwana hai pay order ?
BS-CS BATCH OF 2019 2ND SEMESTER
Merit position 2096 any chance in PNEC karachi for electrical engineering??
Guys on ehsas portal they have updated the last date which is 2 Oct .so those who have not still applied go for it. Hope so they will update it basically it's 30 Oct but do not take risk.
Drop your merit position for MS MATH ?
BS Physics  Last Year Closing Merit: 1977 My Merit Position: 1541
Any update regarding post graduate admissions???
Nust has reopened SAT registration for UG FALL 2020 from 1 Oct to 7 Oct . If someone wants to apply in their desired feild on sat basis they can still apply .
Does Anybody know if wanna change the campus from peashwae to lahore or islamabad so what should i have to do
How much tough is getting 160+ marks in NET for an average student with 88% in matric and 72% in inter?
Does FAST gives you the opportunity to apply to the various FAST campuses based on your preference.? 
 BS/BBA NTS Admission 2014 Results has been uploaded on NU Site.
Guys anyone intrested in online earning dm me
Does everyone receive ‚Äòconditional‚Äô offer letter for MS?
The best element at FAST CFD  campus is an appreciation of talent and creativity. Talented students are always encouraged to display their specs. The drama society, Dramocrats Society presented their annual drama"Jarey Ki dastaan‚Äù, A magnificent performance by our students where they displayed a variety of acting skills along with dancing, mimicry and comedy. #AnnualDrama #FASTCFD
For bs psychology My merit position is 776 is there a chance in second list?
 Do you want to check the plagiarism level of your thesis/dissertation at a low-fee? You can message me now.  I also provide personal Turnitin,... Quillbot, and Grammarly premium accounts that are important to facilitate research work. It is available for researchers, graduate students, or undergraduates. The offer is at a fire-sale price at the moment, and I will encourage many to seize this opportunity. Please, message me privately for more information.  Are you facing problems in academic research/thesis writing, grammatical and plagiarism checks, proofreading, formatting, editing, etc.? *Radiance Research Resources* can help you and save you precious time (at a very LOW and affordable fee). Do you need to be trained in academic writing ‚úç‚ùì Get in touch with me @AareOlaTemitayo or *+2348066206090*
How is EE from fast islamabad?? As conpared to Air university and comsats?
Latest Admission 2020 Policy will be updated ?
which is better for SE fast islamabad or nust?
Fields I have high chances in: Computer Engineering EME Software Engineering MCS Electrical Engineering EME Mechatronics Engineering EME... Confused between these. I personally have an interest in CS but need some suggestions. Also, what's the difference between Computer Engineering and Computer Sciences do they both have the same scope and job opportunities?
Any good quality hostels at walking distance near FAST LAHORE CAMPUS? Kindly give suggestions.
Civil engineering walo kindly apnay merit no. drop kro!
Admissions at FAST - National University are now open.
I heard people got rejected admission because of May June 2020 results. If their grades get upgraded, will the university extend deadline for them?
MEDICAL COLLEGES (MBBS/BDS) PAST PAPERS
Has anyone applied for Fast Study loan?  Is there any eligibility criteria to apply for the loan?
IIEE Admissions 2019  (BE Industrial Electronics Engineering) IIEE will not conduct test this year.  They will accept the Test Score of NED/NAT-IE/SAT.
Whats the minimum SAT 1 requirement to apply for BS Cyber Security?
640 in metric , 618 in fsc. How much should i score in nts test for getting admission in bsse ? And how muh minimum will be fine to get admission in that field.
Prime Minister National ICT  Internship Program for IT Students 2017 
Thank God feeling so happy, got admission in Bs EE, BS AF BS Cs. I am thinking to persue Cs from FAST. Any suggestions seniors?
Guys meray pass olevels ki equivalency hai which is 85% but meray pass alevels ki equivalency nahi hai aur mai fast mai apply kerraha hoon plz guid me i live in qatar.....
Fast university expelling students for semester involved in memes against the university.?
I graduated this fall (2018). Can anyone give me a tentative idea about how long will I have to wait to get my PEC accredition, since its vital for some universities abroad?
What does this essay part mean ? And please some topics for maths that should be prepared ?
Merit position 1917 Kis list tk naam aajaye ga Computer Engineering CEME ?
Assalam o Alaikum Anyone can please tell me? Kya BSCS mai admission lene kelye UET-ECAT ka test dena hoga?
I have got 61% marks in fsc.How much should i score in nts to get admission in Electrical engineering.
Time still #available for you to #book onto the #inspection course #CSWIP 3.1 welding #inspector course starting from 12 #December 2019 in #Taxila #Pakistan  Fo...r #more detail please contact  ‚òéÔ∏è Call & whatsapp   +92 3336272515 üì± Whatsapp:  + 92 3317472535
I got admission in FAST ISL (SE) but in today‚Äôs list my name also has appeared in ITU (CS) department... Its a tough choice between these...Am really confused..Can u guide me ?
Kia sab ko hostel allotment ki mail agye h??mujhy to nhi aeü§îHas everyone received the mail of hostel allotment?? I didn't get it ü§î
Does anyone know fron where to purchase second hand books of 1st semeter bscsin Islamabad.(other than indian edition)
Who has got the hostel challenge?
THOSE WHO GOT IN LLB .KINDLY DROP YOUR MERIT POSITIONS..
I'm a student of MS'19 batch from Islamabad Campus. I think your interview will be just like orientation for 20's batch.
Selected in BBA? Comment your aggregate below!
I can assume that no one is doing job according to the time table FAST has provided to MS students. I talked to Manager Academics can you provide any relaxation to job holders? Because I'm doing job so do anyone else doing it and if YES, then do let me know how you planning to manage it with such time.
There is no problem a library can't solve.
Those who have selected computer engineering,drop your merit position
1st year üò≠380/520 how much marks in nts required to secure position in bs Cyber security,bs artificial intelligence,bs data science?
Is Merit list is out. Goodluck everyone! :)
I am confused regarding the commencement of classes. According to FAST classes will start from Aug 31, 2020. But will the Government allow it?
Asslam.o Alikum I have a good deal for you if you done this deal your business is 100% grow INSHALLAH E hamara pass ik software hy e iske demo vedio hy  Life time licence per mily ga  Our software live demo method is present ... 03139184544 It's my WhatsApp number
Come along with us, in teams, joining this vlogging fiesta and showcase your skills for a chance to win on Tuesday 22nd October 2019.                 Furthermore meet some great vloggers of Pakistan!
AOA. I have been selected in electrical engineering in MCS and I have spent a week studying electrical engineering from uet taxila also. Now where should I go ?  Senior guide plz.  And also I have heard that electrical engineering from MCS is simply Telecom engineering ( is it true)  ?
 All the batches of FAST EE department are here. Get interacted with all your engineers. Get help in all sorts of issues. FAST-EE  What encouraged us to make this Group; 1: sharing of thoughts  2: interaction b/w freshmen,sophos,juniors nd seniors
Bahria University Spring Admissions 2018  (BS/BBA/BSCS/MS...)
Expected merit of fast isl in SE dept
Does FAST islamabad have a hostel service like NUST?
Do you want to be an entrepreneur and make your dreams come true? We offer the best programmes in Business Education at FASTCFD Campus!
Can anyone guide me from where should I study for MSCS?
FIELDS Options For Pre-Medical (45 to 50%) ‚ñ† REQUEST FROM SENIORS
Those who've confirmed their admission in FAST isl for BS-CS, leave your name here and dm me i'll add you to a whatsapp group where we'll be interacting with eachother and will resolve each others queries.
UHS vice-chancellor Prof Javed Akram said that Medical and Dental Colleges Admission Test MDCAT might be conducted online if the coronavirus situation does not ...get any better. He said that MDCAT 2020 might be conducted at the end of September. MDCAT has an important role in medical admissions. UHS VC also said that we cannot cancel MDCAT as FSc exams are already cancelled. He also said that the procedure of the entry test might be changed and we can conduct it through online technology. But the final decision in this regard is not made yet. However, the weightage of the entry test might be increased due to the cancellation of 2nd year exams. Prof Javed Akram also said that all medical universities in the province are in favor of conducting MDCAT. We will present our suggestions to the Government and will also request the Governor to call a meeting of all the stakeholders in this regard. . . . . . Regards : Team Edu-Catalyst
Karachi University Oreintation Day Update  (New Dates)  
Anyone here jis ka Ms (EE) isb campus ma admission hua ho ?a #GrowWithAstera #RecruitmentDrive2020 #JoinOurTeam #DevJobs #NowHiring #ITjobs #CSgrads #Karachijobs #CSjobs Bahria University - Official Dawood College of Engineering and Technology DHA Suffa University (Official) IBA - Institute of Business Administration Institute of Business Management Iqra University - IU SZABIST PAF-KIET NED University of Engineering & Technology KuDcs-Ubit-Official Usman Institute of Technology - UIT FAST National University SSUET Jobs and Internships Mehran University of Engineering and Technology Sindh Madressatul Islam University
Can any one share class schedule for MS EE
Can the selected candidates for Artificial Intelligence  and Autonomous Systems at SEECS share their merit positions please?
any avionic engineering  student is there ,plz tell me need guidance
Anyone knows the timing for BS SE classes in NUCES ISB?
Good fortune is what happens when opportunity meets with planning. 
For those who got selected in AI,can they please comment their test scores...Ty!
NUMS (Army Medical College) Admissions procedure ?
will the be start from 15th October, 2018?
My Net score is not good enough to get into Nust i want to give sat-2  I want some info about sat-2  Is there any chance now to get into nust through sat ???  & please let me know from which subjects it to be conducted for engineering & how much score is required for Nust.  Thankss
This was during one of FAST Peshawar's online classes. Jab teacher ka net inta kharab ho to students kya karein?
8230 merit position, nust balochistan campus mein kitnay percent chances hain? For cs, please comment down below
Can i request for section change? are they lenient about it?
Bs computer science from fast islamabad or Bs Software engineering from comsat islambad. Any suugestions...
Karachi University Fee Structure 2018-19 (Morning Programs)
NUST 1st semester (Fall-2020) will start from 12-Oct-2020. Be ready.
I have applied in fast for CS or SE and my aggregate according to formula is 80.59. Can I get admission in Lahore campus. Please seniors guide me
"Recent Trends in Photonics and Microwave Engineering"
Tree Plantation Campaign launched at FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. Pioneer Batch, Faculty and Staff planted almost 600+ Trees
Which one is better? MSCS FAST Lahore or MSCS FAST Islamabad?
Private Medical Colleges Update  (MBBS & BDS)
Open Merit Bachelor Programs   List of Selected Candidates
When Backbenchers take online classes ü§£ Mention Ur Harami Squad üî•üéß
 My journey of 4 years at FAST was full of successes. I was not only trained here technically but also my leadership skills were developed. No doubt, this training of 4 years was tough, but it had made us battle-hardened for dealing with the challenges of our professional life. I found all faculty members here experts in their respective subjects and very supportive in general. During my under...grad, I secured a highly competitive scholarship ‚ÄúGlobal UGRAD-Pakistan‚Äù and visited U.S as an Exchange Student. I was certified from U.S Department of States and Alcorn State University. After my graduation, I was offered a position at Bentley Systems (Pvt.) Ltd and currently, I am working here as ‚ÄúSoftware Engineer l‚Äù. Along with my professional work, I also do community development projects by leading the teams of volunteers. I consider all my achievements are due to the quality training in this institute.
 Guyz I am student of fast its my mba thesis about consumer behaviour I need responses all over Pakistan
Anyone got hostel at MCE,Risalpur.  Please guide me what is the procedure for applying for MCE hostels. Please!
Yoo guys i have a question that which programming language is taught in Fast Bs Cs ? Python, java  or C++ ??
Candidates selected for BS Economics, drop your merits in the comments below please.
IOBM Admissions 2017-18 ==================== BE Electrical Engineering BS Media Studies BS Accountancy, Management & Law
Research work by Dr. Khurram Bhatti has been published in the IEEE Access journal (Impact Factor: 4.10). It is titled, "Meet the Sherlock Holmes‚Äô of Side Channel Leakage: A Survey of Cache SCA Detection Techniques".  This paper discusses the effectiveness, scalability, perils and pitfalls of run-time detection techniques against information retrieval attacks on modern computing architectures.  The work is carried out at ECLab-ITU, Pakistan, in collaboration with the University of California, Davis, USA, and LIRMM-CNRS at the University of Montpellier, France.  For interested readers, the paper is available online: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/9035459 Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @khurram.bhatti.90
Assalam o alaikum! Everyone I have a merit position of 747 and i got selected in electrical engineering at SEECS. But im rather interested in bs cs... 2nd list came out today but not still selected yet... So any chance of my admission in bs cs?... Thank YOU!
 I have done my BBA from FAST. I am currently working as "Assistant Director for R&D at Engro Corp". I turned my FYP "Building Competitive Edge using RFID" into a practical business idea with the help of a very close friend. I did what I loved, and swore to make it the sole source of my identity. Today our startup "RFID Technology" is known for flawless services in RFID industry. Though... we might be small at this time, but we have managed to capture multimillion clients and are growing continuously. My fascination for RFID also landed me a seat as the "Assistant Director for R&D at Engro Corp" something that I never dreamed of in my life. I also turned my love for events, marketing and strategy into "Wildfire Concepts Pvt Ltd". A Full 360 Degree Creative agency that is dedicated to making businesses grow. With a diverse BOD Wildfire is serving businesses both nationally and internationally. My upcoming adventures include, "I/O inter active", a game development studio in Collaboration with EA:Electronic Arts. And "Givni" a Non-Profit Organization in Collaboration with Red Cross that will be dedicated in serving the disaster struck victims.One thing that I have learned in life, is that to never give up. Despite the failures, despite of how low everyone thinks about you, you should always keep moving. It‚Äôs a long road ahead.  I have no idea where it will take me but it sure is leading somewhere. You see one must keep growing. Never settle for less.
- Final list of FAST-NU, CFD campus has been updated.
My aggregate is 69.27 any chance for mechatronics
Did anyone with O/A level background get selected in CS/DS/AI at Islamabad campus?
BSCS from Fast Pwr or BBA from Agriculture Peshawar?
FAST School of Management offers Bachelors. Masters and PhD programs that intend to produce managers and business administrators to face multi-dimensional and c...omplex real-life business problems.  For more details, visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/fsm/ Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #FSMLhr #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
85% agg any chance in bscs ?
Anyone studying data science from fast kindly comment under this post.
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting short course on ‚ÄòPublic Speaking: Communication Skills and Personality Development‚Äô to be taught by Malik Asad Awan.  Malik Asad Awan‚Äôs vast experience for over two decades at national and international platforms offers a unique opportunity to prospective students to polish their communication skills. Mr. Awan is currently an instructor at Pakistan Judicial Academy. He also trains CSS officers. Only limited seats ...are available in this course! 
need guidance about MS SE admissions in Fast-NU Islamabad Campus, like students (graduates) of what CGPA average are mostly selected in MS SE.
What was the closing merit position of industrial design in 3rd list?
FIRST semester of CS books(basic electronics and introduction to computing) in pdf plz... or suggest which one to dowload from web.  thanks.
Eligibility Criteria 1st Picture (For HSC Candidates) 2nd Picture (For DAE Candidates)
Is there anyone who is applying for masters program??
Any student of bscs willing to migrate to Islamabad ? I got admission in fast islamabad in bscs but I want to migrate to Lahore.  Anyone willing for swap ?
Merit position 1421 any chance in applied bioscience or bs chemistry?
I have 665 merit position and merit for psychology is on 523 will I get upgraded from llb to that? Please help out anyone selected in psychology please drop your merit number
DO FAST OFFERS ELECTRONICS in EE. Lahore campus.. Seniors please
Can any please tell if applied programming is compulsory for MS CS students if they have done BS CS from fast?
Intermediate part 2 ka result kese check krna? First year k roll no. Se?
Aoa. There are no hostel accomdation for boys wih FAST islamabad. Are there any private hostel accomdation near fast?. seniors alreday living in private hostels kindly guide.  Regards
As salam u alaikum, usually Nust ya engineering Universities ma admission 1styr r entry test ka base pr hota tha, lakin q ki is bar govt na 1st year ka stds ko without exams promote kya h to next year ki admission policy kiya hogi? Matric ka base pr admission milngy ya fsc ka results ka any ka bad hi milyga?  Net ka exams dec ma dyna compulsory h ya next year 2nd year ka exmas dyny ka bad b Netbda skty hn? Agr da skty hn to kis month ma Net conduct hoga?
Anyone sent the change of preference form here? Need to ask something.
Bhai koi next bta da kab admishn hona bs software enginring k lia
 Admissions for MS(CS), MS(EE), MBA and PhD(CS) at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit the link http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/.
Any BS(AI) senior from Fast ISB??
Is anyone in the 2nd list got a hostel alot or not?
Anyone from MSCS????
#DUHS Admissions 2019-20  (BBA/MBA/EMBA) 
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) =========== Entry Test Based Bachelor Programs Closing Percentages List
 The School of Humanities and Social Sciences at Information Technology University hosted an informative session titled, "Death by Birth: Exploring Maternal Mortality" in its Knowledge Creation Seminar Series to encourage dialogue and discourse around this issue. It was moderated by Dr. Izza Aftab.  The panelists included: Ms. Mehreen Shahid: Ms. Shahid is the founder of Safe Delivery Safe Mother, which aims to reduce Postpartum Hemorrhage (PPH), the leading cause of maternal mortality in Pakistan. She has a Master of Public Policy from the University of Oxford and is the recipient of the prestigious Annemarie Schimmel Scholarship. She has wide-ranging experience in policy analysis, evaluation and impact assessment, and has worked in the UK, US and Pakistan on health, education, food security, and poverty alleviation. She has worked at the Clinton Foundation in New York and the World Bank. Currently, she is working as a consultant at McKinsey and Company in Pakistan.
 Checkout what one of the previous organizers has to say about Developers' Day; a quintessentially complete experience.
Can someone tell me the merit of BS(CS) and aggregate formula of this year ?
The last day to buy the tickets is  by tomorrow................ tickets are available at zahid photostate shop...................so hurry up and buy ur tickets latest bytomorrow......
The Department of Computer Science at ITU hosted a guest talk by Dr. Arslan Munir.  It was titled: A Perspective of Safe and Secure Cyber-Physical Systems: From Hardware to AI.
MS/mPhil merit list has been announced check yours account congratulations to selected ones..
The way forward is full of hurdles but with a little guidance, you can do wonders!  FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus has organized a Facebook Live Session with the members of FAST-NU Alumni Association, North America - FAANA (FAANA). Our discussion panel consist of Mr. Ahmad Malik, Ms. Sheeba Malik, Mr. Jasim Qazi & the Founding Director of FAST-NU, Islamabad & Faisalabad Campus, Dr. Aftab Ahmed Maroof.  Join us on July 25th, 2020 at 8:00 PM and share all your questions with... our esteemed panelists and learn from their experience.   Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Any one in MS M sec isb campus?? üòâ
Fast may ab dobra admission open ho gy
Guys wo log Jo 80k hostel fee afford ni Kr skty r installments krwana chaty hn DM me.jin ka serious issue ha sirf wo like agr koi orphan ha ya koi severe financial issue face Kr rha ha.
Registration no Nust roll no likhna hai ya phir CMS ID?
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ In the short course on Digital Media Marketing, participants will get hands-on training and acquire digital media marketing skills. This training course aims to provide an exceptional opportunity to learn complete SEO life cycle including effective Keywords Research, Latest On-Page SEO Techniques, Creative Web Content Writing and other dimensions of Digital Marketing. It also includes the in-depth learning of Google Trends, Google Adwords, Google Analytics, and Google Webmasters Tools. #digitalmedia #onlinemarketing #socialmedia #onlineshortcourse #PDC #ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Hi guys :) I have 2 questions. 1.With 75% aggregate , can I get admission in CS Engineering? 2. When do classes of CS Engg start? I just applied 2 days ago for admission.
1st preference is software and 2nd CS but 1st merit list has happened in CS so wait for the 2nd list for software?? and any idea for how long it will be 2 nd list.
Plz guide me.. I've done FSc Pre Medical and got admission in BS chemistry. Yahan Undertaking m kon kon sy points stamp paper pr print krwany hon gy and which ones should I strike out.. Kindly help
Dear MSDS class  Pl. find attached  Applied Image Processing course outline and a recorded lecture for your perusal/listening. ~ Dr.Asif Gillani
FAST NUCES Lahore offers a number of programs for students and aims to shape them into visionary leaders and world-class professionals.
 As announced by Government of Pakistan, there shall be no public holiday on Monday, November 9, 2015 on account of Iqbal day. University Headquarters, FAST Head Office and campuses will remain open on Monday, 9-Nov-2015.
NUST Entry Test How many of you Registered yourselves for NET2  Comment your City  Last date of Registration = 15 March 2018
I got in Fast Isb for BS SE. Seniors, can you please suggest books or could share notes and guide me on this ?? I'd like to start studying /having an intro according to the Fast BS SE syllabus.
How to calculate merit position????#NED UPDATE ============ Jin Candidates Ka NED Test Fail hai or HEC Test Pass hai, wo Apni ID main HEC Result Update Kar De
Assalam walaikum First of all heartiest congratulations to all who have been selected in the merit list. Now I have few questions regarding MCS EE(telecom) rawalpindi(i know mn phly bhi bht ques puch chuki but abhi bhi confusion h).. So please any senior studying answer these questions.. 1)My merit position is 3082 so mera confirm hosakta h k nhi or kis list tk wait krna parega.. 2)scope kya h field (already checked the courses and interest h).. Bachelors k bad army join krsk...ty hn(especially girls).. Or is field mn bachelors k bd computer relating fields mn MS krskty hn.. 3)Girls k liye hostel miljata h asani like agr last ki lists mn naam aajae tw hostel miljae ga.. Help would be appreciated.. I know my questions may sound dumb but confusion h bht. And or kahin apply bhi nhi kiya..
A nice book for Electrical engineering ?
Who got and who intends to get admission in MSSE?
Hello guys, I'm from an alevel background. I applied to Fast from their admission portal and at that time, there was no problem but now they mailed me that i have to put alevel equivalent but i havent received my A2 result yet. They said before that if someones doesnt have their alevel result, they can skip that. Ive attached that screen shot too. What should i do?
Hay. Member‚Äôs! I wanaa know about fast Mba? I got selection letter, but i don‚Äôt know this letter is for morning or evening? Because at the time of admition application, its not mentioned that either we are applying for morning or evening.. nd i want to get admition in evening timings, so is there any possiblty if this letter for morning can we shift to eveining? Nd as well as what‚Äôs the timing for morning and evening session?
Anyone can tell me? BSCS, IT, BSSE which one is better?? Please guide me..
AnyOne doing MS-SE...??? Need a little help
What was the closing merit of bba?
What is the chance of one getting good financial aid? Interview me kis type ke questions puche jaate hain aur kis type ke answers dene hote hain. Kindly tell me how can one prepare for interview. Kindly do share your experience üòä
Those who got their admission in the second list of BSSE in Islamabad campus have the university provided you your respective sections? I completed the requirements today and submitted the draft. I have recieved a roll number but no section. What's next?
Swap needed. If Anyone want to swap from FAST Lahore campus to Islamabad campus. Kindky Contact me. 03414538838 03245486621 musabbilalsatti@gmail.com I want to transfer my admission from Islamabad to Lahore.... MSCS Program.
Did any of you recieve your roll numbers for BsCS
Undergraduate Selected Candidates (1st Merit List) Admission Fall-2020 http://portals.au.edu.pk/result/
Merit is determined by assigning 40% weight to marks obtained in Intermediate (part-I) (or an equivalent exam). - For those whose Intermediate results are not available, their Matriculation marks are considered. - Marks obtained in the NU Online Admission Test are assigned the remaining 60% weight.
Those who got adm in SEECS this year, and are DAY SCHOLARS, do we have to sibmit corona report too?
FAST-NU CFD Campus has provided 45 Million PKR worth of Financial Assistance to students till date. Join the FAST Family and start working for a better future. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
57th convocation of Fast NU
What‚Äôs the closing merit for (AI) and (DS) - Islamabad campus?
Any chance in any field in h-12?
PEC Visit in CFD Campus
747 and not selected in nust seecs CS.. anyone who got selected in third list drop your merit no
FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus Admission Office will remain open tomorrow. Visit us tomorrow for your queries and admissions.
NED University Admissions For Masters Ph.D Programs
DOW University Admissions 2019-20 (BS Biotechnology) ‚ñ† Eligibility Criteria ‚ñ™Intermediate (Pre-Medical or Pre-Engineering) Passed with 60%... ‚ñ™Candidate's Domicile of SINDH. Step - 2 ‚ñ™Click on this Link (http://www.duhs.edu.pk/downlo‚Ä¶/Application-form-DCOB2019.pdf), An Application form in PDF File will be appeared. ‚ñ™Download & Print Out that Form. ‚ñ™Fill it and Submit the Application Form with Required Documents & Paid Voucher of 2000 in UBL Bank Baba-e-Road Branch (Near DMC Saddar).
plz need seriouse suggestion  fast or comsate which one is best for SE???
Merit position is 505. I am interested in Mechanical, Civil, SE and CS. Should I cancel my admission in Uet Lahore now or will it be risky? Can anyone when will Uet give me my documents back?
Bs chemistry 3rd list ka merit kitna drop huga any idea ‚òπÔ∏è
Physics topical practice mcqs ka link?
Sir syed University Admissions for PhD & MS Programs
Drop your merit positions and field! (4th list)
882-merit position How much chances for BSCS in Nust H12 campus???
You have to fill both NTS forms  1) Available in Prospectus 2) available on NTS website
1264 merit postion in BS Chemistry. Any chance ? How to change your preference I keep clicking the checkbox but it isn't working.
What's the last merit number offered for materials, geoinformatic, environmental engineering in second list?
The declaration of selected candidates had to be announced today? Where is the list?
Can anybody help me for the preparation of Entry test for MS (CS) in FAST.
#Ms_peoples  what are the closing merit positions of seecs AI and Autonomous system in 2nd merit list?
Where are the forms of hostel now?
If my name is short listed in list 1 of SE (MCS) and then I submit my fees too after that is it possible that my name would be referred for SE (SEECS).Kindly guide me.
why everyone says that fast has the best BSCS..please answer
Any chance of 2nd merit list of karachi campus?
NED University Admission Updates  Online Forms will be available from 25th July.
Which is the best campus of fast after lahore? Also can someone tell me is it worth it to go to some other campus of fast when you can take admission in pucit? Dusra ye ke mera bscs me lhr me nahi hua lekin ma bscs aur bsse pe eligible hoon baqi tamam campus me. Kia procedure hoga apply karne ka.
PC ka liya fee structure kya haWhat is the fee structure for PC?
Karachi University Admissions 2017 (Evening) #KU Evening K Open Merit Departments K Forms Lene or Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 11 January Tak Tausee Kar De gae Hain.
62.45% aggregate Any chance in mechanical eng. In PNEC?
What is fee of software engineering per samster..? In FAST... Help please
KMDC Original Entry Test Paper 2014
Those who got selected in bs Psy in 3rd list kindly drop your merit position
Architecture or Industrial design ka merit decrease hone k chances hy further lists men?
Can pre-medical students apply for bs computer science?
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<< Subject: Display of 12th Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! 12th Merit Selection list for UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been uploaded. Congratulations  to all the selected candidates. Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following website link Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/Merit_List.php Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
SALAM ACTUALLY I WANNA CONSULT ABOUT FAST I GOT ADMISSION IN FAST ISB IN BS (CS) 92.14%I ALSO SUBMIT MY FIRST HALF INSTALLMENT BUT NOW MOST OF PEOPLE SCARED ME ABOUT FAST THAT SO DIFFICULT THEY FAILED MANY... AS SUCH THING THERE IS AN OPTION OF PU(PUNJAB UNIVERSITY) SO WHAT SHOULD I DO....... I M VERY CONFUSED
If anyone or anyone you know wants to swap campuses from Lahore to Islamabad for BSCS, please let me know as I'm looking to transfer to Lahore.
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<< Subject: Display of 13th Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! 13th Merit Selection list for UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been uploaded. Congratulations to all the selected candidates. Deadline to submit documents and dues: 7th October 2020 Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following website link Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/Merit_List.php Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
Assalam o Alaikum I Hope every one is enjoying a good health. My question is from seniors that what makes a merit to increase. Is it maximum no of students applying in particular field or students with higher aggregate applying for a specific field. Like let's talk about civil I've seen many 74+ aggregates holding students applying for this so is there any chance of increase in merit. What thing was it that cause a low merit of it during last year as i heard it was 71%. My main question is that every field has higher aggregates students like in civil last year merit was dropped so there were less students of higher aggregate there?
Closing merit of MS Computer science? Of 1st selection list.
Assalamualaikum Mere ICS part-1 400 marks the 2nd part ke calculate krke 890 se ooper bne ge  Mene "BS Artificial Intelligence" me apply krna ha us kelie entry test konsa ha and kitna merit ha aut kitni fee ha plz guide me and scholarship mil skti ha kia  Anf BS Artificial Intelligence konse campus me krai jati ha  Plz guide me
Hi! So I recently completed my A Levels and I'm looking to give the upcoming NET. I know about the 75% weightage for NET and 15 and 10% respectively for O and A Levels, so how much marks in NET would suffice my selection ? I'm looking to apply in Business Studies btw (BBA)  Also, does anyone know when the registrations for the next NET will open?A very sad news for all EE FASTIAN brothers:
S.E (MCS) main kis kis ka huwa h second list main?S. Who has been in the second list in E (MCS)?
Aggregate 63.78 Any chances in FAST LHR?? For EE, CV, CS??
Has anyone been accepted for the BS Physics Program?
#JSMU Pharm-D Forms will be available from 15th October, 2018. Admissions will ge given to only those students who will appear in NTS Test (MBBS/BDS) on 28th October, 2018.
merit for bscs?
Are there any members in this group who are currently studying in FAST - Islamabad? Preferably their BS AI program.  I need some guidance ASAP. Kindly inbox me.
NED University Admissions Update (Seats Distribution for Regular)
Do anybody know when will be the admissions spring 20 will open?
We are looking for a content manager to organize and manage web content of our websites. Anyone having more than 2 years of experience in content writing and having managerial skills is eligible for this post. This is an office-based job ------------->DUTIES OF CONTENT MANAGER<------------- - Overseeing all content creation activities by our writers. - Working closely with the marketing team to devise a web content strategy that aligns with the company's wider goals... - Creation of a content marketing calendar to ensure regular content on our websites throughout the year - Targeting keywords set by the online marketing manager.
I have 67.5 aggregate in fast NU test.Will i get admission in fast islamabad for CS??
The person behind a wide range of eating options at dhabba, the life saver when you‚Äôre late for morning lectures, or when you want to have late night chai sessions with your squad. Our very own Saleem dhabbay wala has a special message for the alumni of CFD Campus! For more details, visit: http://cfd.nu.edu.pk/home-coming/
Please can anyone send the detailed list of documents required during arrival at hostels and orientation .
Have any of you received your roll numbers for BSCS?
Aoa, is Islamabad campus preferred or Lahore? also, I have an aggregate of 94 (x1.1 of IBCC Equivalence) how likely am I going to be accepted?
The second merit list closed at 1870 and my merit position is 1967 for Computer Engineering so what are my chances of getting selected? I‚Äôm really worried as the merit did not drop as expected and I‚Äôve already submitted the fee also.
Benazir Bhuttu University Lyari (BBSUL) (Pharm-D/BS/B.Ed...) Admissions 2017-18
We help you realise your dreams!
Is the BBA program any good at FAST Islamabad? As compared to other BBA offering universities in Islamabad. Any insight would be appreciated. 
Muhammad Mutahir Latif  CEO Epic Technologies Fulbright Scholar MS North Carolina State University BS Computer Science FAST-NU Batch 1999-A Allah Subhan aoo Taala blessed me and gave me the opportunity to spend four of the most memorable years of my life at FAST Islamabad. I was fortunate to have been able to study under such outstanding professors and professionals, who were experts in their domains and were dedicated in imparting their knowledge and experience to us, so that we could become the leading professionals in our fields. Apart from the faculty, it was the environment and atmosphere of innovation and learning that lead myself and so many of my class fellows, juniors and seniors to excel not just in our courses, but in adopting and absorbing the latest tools/technologies that were being used the world over. 
Anyone of bs engineering programs receive section mail??
What is the merit for bs in accounting and finance?
Schedule for phase-wise re-opening of University of the Punjab!
 Do you want to bring your audience to their feet when your speech ends?  Then discover the following important elements that can help you give a successful speech at any stage. REGISTRATION FORM IS LIVE NOW! ------------------------------------------------------------ https://tinyurl.com/NDSMicDrop
Do the fast islamabad offers couses in fall 2019 ?
Anyone selected in ms 2nd list in plant biotechnology in nust plz mention merit position thnks üëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëç
63 % mai fast university ( karachi ) campus  mai Bscs mai admission milsakta hai ? Aur kia  fast university ka entry test hard hota hai ?
Hey guys! I'm from BSCS. I couldn't attend orientation and can't attend this whole week. I'm joining from monday so what should I bring with me? I have no idea.
SE from Fast (Karachi Campus) OR CS from Comsats (Lahore) ??? Please help
I need some guidance from seniors. Preferably from BS CS 4th year students as they have been though the process. I have been a Mac user ever since. I have  Macbook Air early 2015 model. What  I have realized is that a window's based laptop is needed for BS CS as the keyboard shortcuts are different, keyboard layout is different. Code Compilers are different etc. I was looking towards buying a surface laptop but then again the experiances with lunix in dual boot setup are aweful (at least on reddit). SO which laptop would be an  "adequate  laptop"  for smooth completion of degree without upgrading in 3rd or 4th year? And what would be considered "powerful laptop" given the workload for BS CS degree?
FMDC (Islamabad) & Some Private Universities Admissions Updates
Drop you merit number,if you are selected for EE  PNEC.
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and... email address on above mention numbers. Or Email to us at  burraq@burraq.org For details visit our Website  www.burraq.org.
Is Fee Structure = 16000 per semester
How is Nust Balochistan Campus?? I am selected in it.. Is it good? developed? It will be there first batch???
When second merit list will be announced?
Kia FAST mn scholarship milti hain?
Matric=969/1050 Fsc part 1=429/520 Nts=69 Any chance in cs department in FAST NUCES islamabad.
With more and more emphasis being put by the government on tax return filing, it is imperative for each one of us to understand the basics of how our income tax is calculated and what is our legal obligation with regards to income tax payment and income tax return filing. We should also be aware of risks of not filing our tax return or paying taxes. In addition, it is always good to know what various tax concessions and rebates are available to us to help us reduce our tax bi...ll. Enrol now in Professional Development Center's informative short course on 'Tax Filing' to be led by Mr. Shahrukh Irfan.  Mr. Shahrukh Irfan is a Chartered Accountant and a Chartered Tax Advisor from the UK and holds MSc in accounting and finance from the London School of Economics (LSE). He has worked in Big 4 accounting firms in the UK for almost 7 years in income tax practice. He is currently teaching and consulting on personal tax in Pakistan.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/tax-filing/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
What are advised registration and fee payment deadlines strictly
When I applied there were only 4 preferences from which I could select. BSCS, BBA, BSEE, AF. Now Fast Isb site is showing it has AI, Cyber Security. How can I select them now?
Can we apply now for BBA in FAST ?
Closing Merit of CIVIL ENGINEERING IN H-12 ?
Respected seniors ,   Maine recently Fast ka Entry test dia hai... Wo poochna ye tha k agr mera Admission hogya to Ragging ka kia scene hai ... R meri ragging k umeedwaar hazir hon üòéüòÇ
2nd merit list kub lagay ge ?üò≠üò≠üò≠üò≠merit position 776 per CS maen naam nahen aya... Agar 2nd preference( Bsc Mathematics) maen naam aya hae tu kya fee deposit krwaon ya 2nd merit list ka wait kroon?
Do you want to go Usa/Canada/Uk for your Master degree studies? We will pay your full tuition fee if you can't afford it. Contact. 03204001011
Can i apply on the basis of NAT test that is to be conducted on 21st July??
MS merit list akhir kab arhi haii???
Can anyone tell what was the merit of biosciences last year?
Fast University New Criteria Is 50% matric + 50% Inter?
Those who got selected for NNBS and after admission, applied for EHSAAS, what did they selected on the option of availing other scholarship...???
Asslam o Alaikum... Any seniors from MS Health-care Biotechnology ASAB... Guidance required...
Students are encouraged to bring their parents for orientation.  Hostel Students may acquire rooms on Sunday Sep 16, 2012 after 12:00 pm.  We officially welcome pioneer batch to the Family of FAST-NU, Faisalabad-Chiniot Campus.  Seek your light | Torch is lit
Which is better for bba?? Fast or quaideazam and why.... need serious suggestions plzz...
What is the merit to get admission in NUST?? For Software Engineering...
Any chance if 3rd merit list in AI SE CS in Fast Isb ?
I have regietered myself in fast university. I received a message which said that upload the required documents. When i tried to upload, the system has only an option to upload olevel documents. So how will I upload my Alevel documents?
 In the field of IT and tech, web development is one that has been on trending since it came out, and it... will be in the future as well. SOFTEC is here in order to give you a platform that will stack you up against the best developers out there at SOFTEC'20 Web Dev Competition sponsored by CureMD Pakistan. So, prepare yourself and save your dates because this is something to be reckoned with. Register now!  #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #WebDev #CreateWhatMatters
FAST NUCES Lahore offers following PhD programs. It provides high quality education to its students for their respective desired fields with highly qualified fa...culty.
University Of Karachi Admissions Updates For Masters/BS Programs (Evening) 2016-17
-Is shalwar/kameez allowed on campus(isl) -On first day are we supposed to reach at 8am,or just before our respective orientation. -For any reason if I want to take a few days off who is to be contacted -specific to Islamabad campus  Pls guys these are serious  questions ... Thanks
We hereby formally announce that we will be offering following degree programmes in Fall 2013  - BS EE - BSCS - BBA - BS A&F
BS botany from QAU or BS chemistry from UMT ? Which one is best??  Plz guide me
Do anyone know how to  refund fee from uet Lahore.. Thank you
Not Selected ke baad aap ka chance hota hai agli lists mai ya nhi?
With Aggregate:1031 l have kept civil eng as my first preference. So have I done right? Please seniors guide?
Guys plz give me Info about BS AI
Yr LAT k without llb first preference kuo rakhi ab sb bachy Apni preference change krva rhy hai??? Whhhhyyyyyy
Hamdard University Admissions Updates (MBBS, BDS, Pharm-D, BEMS)
can anyone tell me the scope of bs metallurgy and material engineering? plz
What are the total marks for NET of social sciences? And does anyone have past papers?
My admit card says that my degree is "BBA-B". What's that supposed to mean?
„ÄäUniversities Admissions„Äã SZABIST (BS/MS) „ÄãEligibility Criteria for BS Biotechnology & Biosciences ‚ñ™FSc (45%) „ÄãFee Structure ‚ñ™BS Biotechnology: 62,220 per semester ‚ñ™BS Biosciences: 54,900 per semester
What is the closing merit for computer engineering? 2nd list?
Bhai jinho ny fast nuces my financial aid k lyay apply Kiya Hy Un ko 1st semester ki fee jma krwany k baad koi aur fee to ni jma krwani pry gi In hostel ki facility available ho gi kya
Is there any difference between "not selected" and "not yet selected".
Is it worth changing from SE to CS in Isb?
Which Field should one choose, If they have to go abroad in Future?? In short which have scope inside the country as well as Abroad!!(Europe)
AOA  Anyone From Bs software Engineer here?
I have a problem . After net test I opened the website today, so I didn't changed or confirmed my preferences. I had selected CS , SE seecs, SE mcs ,Civil H12 as my preferences when I filled my form. Now my merit position is 1721. Can I change my preferences now or get admission in any of the mentioned above.
The 2nd selection list HAS BEEN UPLOADED Those selected in BS Physics kindly drop your merit numbers.
It is often said that practice makes a man perfect. This proverb cannot be emphasised upon enough until you find yourself preparing for a job interview. One of ...the only ways to ensure and guarantee a sound interview, is if you know precisely what you are offering. But in the midst of the nerves and anxiety, we often forget all the points we had thought of. Consequently, here is yet another handy tip from our end. The only way to guarantee a perfect interview, is to practice.
What is more appealing then letting people know that you have the hottest cooking skills in the whole town? We invite you to bring your food creations to our NU...-FEST where we will let you go all Gordon Ramsey on the enormous crowd. Present your iconic dishes and develop your street cred. All food chains, stalls and joints are requested to come and register as an exhibit of sensational food at the Food Fest. 
BS CYBER SECURITY AND DIGITAL FORENSICS or BS CS main se kis ka merit high hota hai FAST ISLAMABAD main?
 Jinnah Sindh Medical University (BBA/MBA) Fee Structure 40,000 per semester
Is there any senior doing civil engineering(3,4  semster walay ya above wlay )  from NUST or from any other university. YR plzz agar koi ha to plzz comment kr day thori dair us bahi ka sir khaon ga  but Inshallah poori zindagi ahsaan mand  rahoon ga i know basic study of civil engineering but need to know something else ALLAH sb ko khush rakhay Ameen!
Salam, I want to take admission in FAST Peshawar in BCS. I want to take admission in spring. Can I take admission in spring. If I can, then what are the procedures?kindly inform me.
Assalamualikum  I've been granted admission in MS Bioinformatics.  I'm from Karachi. NUST does not have hostel accommodation for masters students yet.  I have some relatives in DHA though.  Can someone please guide me regarding transportation? Van service etc?... I know I have the option for online classes but due to some personal reasons, I don't want to switch to an entire semester being online.  Kindly guide me. Thank you
Is there any Hostel near Fast Isb at a walking distance?
eme k hostel charges?? including mess nd accommodation???
Salaam all, What's the merit of BBA this year ?
Confused btw the two ; BS SE and BS CS. Any suggestions?
Can any one guide which will be better cs from fast or cs from nust?
Assalamualaikum...Guys please suggest me a good academy or school for advanced networking or cyber security learning. Thanks
Indus University Admissions Sr ping 2018 (BS/BBA/B.Tech)
what is actually the last date to apply for ehsaas scholarship?
Comsats or ims peshawar for software engineering?
NUMS Entry Test Syllabus
Those selected in 3rd list for erospace engeering plz drop your Merit number..
AOA I want to know about Data science is anyone here already studying there or have some knowledge about it? And what about the merit criteria please pour some light on it.
I passed FSC pre medical(85%) if i give mathematics part 1-2 next year can i apply for engineering next year?
Guys I have been selected in CS in both NUST and FAST.. where should I go?? #need_sincere_advices_plz
Last merit position offered admission in 1st selection list for BS Physics session 2020 is 300.
 ADMISSION CRITERIA Admissions will be granted on the basis of Merit Score. Merit Score = Test Marks + Inter Marks ONLINE ADMISSION LINK http://www.neduet.edu.pk/online_admission REQUIRED DOCUMENTS http://www.neduet.edu.pk/‚Ä¶/Admission‚Ä¶/Document_checklist.pdf
Fast electrical engineering lahore campus vs ist electrical engineering islamabad
How many times have you said this to yourself? How many times have people around you suggested the default careers of lawyer, doctor, engineer only for you to shake your head but be unable to give yourself an alternative? Well, worry no more! Merafuture.pk helps you wade through the tricky waters of finding the perfect career with a comprehensive aptitude test!
Received a text from FAST..what does this test mean..is that how they‚Äôre calculating merit..if so than how will they calculate math marks of fsc pre med students ?
Have any info about MS AI n MS cyber security...?
AOA friends I just passed fsc and am applying for universities How good is the electrical engineering department in fast  1.Are teachers good 2. Where does fast stand as compared to comsats air and bahria for electrical engineering... Please answer I will be very grateful of you
Result annouced for MS/MBA.
Which field is better at FAST NU Islamabad campus. BS Data Sciences or BS Cyber Security and Data Forensic?
Aoa Everyone Actually i need a suggestion i have done my bba hons but now i want to apply for MS basically I'm bit confused between MS (HRM) and Data Sciences should i go for HRM or vice versa. Also suggest me good institute for MS in lahore or islambad.:)
Sindh Private Medical Colleges Admissions (MBBS/BDS) For Sindh Candidates ... http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/‚Ä¶/Private%20Data%20Sindh%20Province.‚Ä¶ For Other Provinces Candidates  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/‚Ä¶/Private%20Data%20Other%20Then%20%2‚Ä¶
Do you know anyone who is already studying or getting admission in Bahria University Lahore campus? Kindly comment
Merit position has been alloted ?
55.8 merit.. Any chance in BBA SECOND LIST??
 Asalam o Alaikum, I want my fellow NUSTians, who have lived in hostels near the main campus, to recommend a good hostel in the vicinity of the main campus.  Thanks.
Want to learn how counters work in digital electronics? 
Can anyone explain MS CS time table?
We have an exciting opportunity for a marketing executive to work within a growing group of business in the Islamabad area. The role will expose the successful candidate to a number of businesses operating in a variety of industries and allowing them to develop multiple marketing related skillsets. The marketing executive will be responsible for managing all digital content, including supplied advertisements from local business and internal advertisements and ...announcements. The core elements of the role will involve: ‚Ä¢ Produce creative content, including videos, blog posts and promotional materials ‚Ä¢ Using online / cloud-based content management systems ‚Ä¢ Scheduling content ‚Ä¢ manage social media channels (e.g. Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn) to enhance audience engagement and increase brand awareness ‚Ä¢ Help with marketing plans, advertising, direct marketing, and campaigns ‚Ä¢ Evaluate and review marketing campaigns, advertising and SEO to make sure the correct mediums are being used and campaigns are effective ‚Ä¢ Support the marketing manager in delivering agreed activities Key Qualifications, Skills and Experience ‚Ä¢ Experience with managing digital content is essential ‚Ä¢ Experience and good sound knowledge of Adobe editing platforms such as Photoshop, InDesign and Premier Pro is essential ‚Ä¢ Experience with social media platform management is essential ‚Ä¢ Experience with creating / editing digital content is essential ‚Ä¢ Experience in the transport industry is advantageous but not essential Core Hours: 14:00 - 22:00pm Monday to Saturday (weekend work may be required to suit the business from time to time)
Bht se buchon ko jo pre medical students hain aur cs fields mein jana chahta hain kuch unis additional maths lazmi mang rahi hain aur kuch ka apna criteria ha m...ene kafi sms phir fast Peshawar walon ne guide kia yad rahay fast lahore aur islamabad ka apna criteria ha unhon ne abhi allow ni kia fast Peshawar ne kia ha aur add. Math ke paper bhi uni mein hi hon gay bht se buchon ka question tha ke tyari uni kar vaye gi aur paper board ke na denay par jaen is tarah burden bht zyada ho gye ga but aisa ni ha specific syllabus ha.üòïlahore and isb walay reply ni krtay un ka ni pta
Latest up date Fast undergraduate merit list postponed till 5/8/2020  at 11 pm.
There is only one way to keep delivering results;  churning success and raising the bar every time you do it.  With an unwavering commitment towards what we sta...nd for, Developers' Day has become a paramount event for the tech industry, offering the perfect blend of exposure and innovation for our partners. Don't believe it? Hear it from our past sponsor BOGO!
Orientation of BS(CS) Fast National university of computer and emerging ....
 Can you please guide me what‚Äôs the closing merit for BSCS in FAST,lahore based on NTS test. Also he got conditional email from FAST Peshawar, is it related to other campuses like if we don‚Äôt submit fee will it take his seat out of FAST?
Become a part of the movement of people who truly care for the society by donating blood at FAST Care's biannual Blood Donation Drive on 31st October in Drawing... Hall, Civil Department. If you're unaware of your blood group or want to know something more about your health, then you need not worry! Shaukat Khanum is offering free blood tests for people who donate their blood for the greater good! These tests have been mentioned in the picture below.
A lot of you guys who are eligible for Peshawar campus are asking us about hostels and accommodation.  I will recommend all to get accomodations here.   The rooms are fully furnished with bed ( charpai) and it is only  6 to 8 minutes away from our campus.  Rooms are available for 2, 4, 5,6 persons ( 5000 per person). Indian and english both toilets! No security problems! Book your seats by contacting on given numbers. 
Ok MS Fellows , How was your Test ?
VTB is offering internships in following fields
NED University Past Papers (Physics)
People Selected in BS 4th Merit List in Following Programs?? Chemical Engg H-12 Electrical Engg EME Computer Engg EME
- Dear All Nts merit would be accumulated by 60% of NTS Marks and 40% of 1st Year Marks. All successful applicants would be communicated through offer letters on Monday.
MDCAT 2020 is expected to be delayed. UHS also deleted the announcement posts from official accounts. Some changes are also possible.
Can some please send me Handa book for objective questions related to electrical engineering in scanned form. If some one has the book please scan it and post the link or send it to me. i shall be greatful
Which field are You Opting....? 
Last Date to Apply for BBA/BS-AF/BS-Eco/BS- Social Sci 
 Should I go For CS or for SE in FAST ISB. Reason of asking is that SE is new this time however FAST is famous for its CS.. Should I consider CS over SE or should remain for SE?
Aoa..Mi Nust business school entry test preparation ki liye WhatsApp group bana raha hn for upcoming nets 2021..so Jo Jo interested hai.. comments mi apna number di.. I hope Kay wo help kry ga IACome.. I am creating a WhatsApp group for Nust business school entry test preparation for upcoming nets 2021.. so those who are interested.. give your number in comments.. I hope he will help IA
Anyone doing mphil English applied linguistics???
Any selected in bs aerospace. drop your merit position
Here are some FAQ's.  1. People are posting their aggregate and asking about admission? A) FAST never shows the merit list and aggregate. Each student gets his/her offer letter privately. B) This time as admissions are only on the basis of your inter and matric marks so no one have idea about the merit. 2. How many students get admission? A) FAST Isb campus has increased number of seats. For CS, 400 seats and for AI, DS there are 50 50 seats. 3. Hostel? A) FAST has no hostel (isb and lhr). You have to accommodate in private hostel 4. Medical Students can apply? A) Yes, but you have to clear exam of Mathematics either from concerned board or from University. 5. Should we choose FAST? A) Yes, you should choose FAST because of value of its degree and demand. The education, syllabus and work of FAST is very unique and challenging than NUST, COMSATS etc. 6) Campus life? A) The campus life depends upon campus to campus. The life at Islamabad campus is very excellent and probably best amount other campuses. Good Luck for your admission.  For other queries, comment below.
Best of Luck to all the students for the result of 1st Semester
At what time will be the second merit list uploaded.
Fee submission dates for Spring- 2014 Semester are; January 20, 2014 to January 25, 2014. 
One stop solution for academic writing service:
KIPS G10/2 or G9 campus? Which one is good for coaching classes? Or should i go for Abbotabad or Peshawar campus?
Can anyone tell me the schedule for MS Data Science please?
HEC Entry Test  ============ > Kuch Candidates ka Test Kal hai or Kuch Ka Perso. > Test K lye Apna Original Admit Card or Apna ORIGINAL CNIC Ya ORIGINAL Bform ya Passport Zarur Le Jaye. > Admit Card Per Apni Picture Zarur Paste karey.... > Jin bacho Ko Admit Card Nahe Mila Hai wo HEC Ke Website Se Download Kar K Print Karae (Unko bhi Us Slip Per Picture Lagana Lazmi hai) > Ik Pencil, Ball Pen or Clip board Bhi Le Kar Jae. > Reporting Time Tak Apko Centre Main Puhunchna Hai. > Mobile Phone/Calculator Allow Nahe Hai. > Negative Marking K bare Main Wahan Question Paper Per Likha hoga Ya wo Apko Bata Denge.
looking for hostel recommendations near FAST Islamabad campus. If you know of any, please share.
Updated Time Table of 1st week
What is the procedure for selection of test center for FAST test? I choose Islamabad as my campus preference. Does that mean I'll have to give my test in Islamabad? I wanna give my test in Lahore. But they didnt ask for any test center choice yet. Do they ask for the preferred test center after fee verification?
Anyone tell me about the bscs merit and tell me about the fee structure for the bscs in fast university.
I am a senior data analyst, who have a strong background in statistical theory along with vast experience in data analytics. You may contact with me for research data analysis and dynamic visualization to make evidence-based decisions. I have been analyzing data of research students and doctors belonging to a variety of disciplines since 2007. Feel free to contact or to refer me. Like our facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/Thesis-Dissertation-Research-Artic‚Ä¶
Dream big and we will help you achieve them! Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
For Now Closing Merit of FAST (CS): 89 above for Islamabad 90-91 above for Lahore 84 above for Karachi For Faisalabad and Peshawar Campus it is in 70's.
Need some info! I have applied for EE and also A&F in NU Islamabad. But result is showing status only for EE and not for A&F. Can someone explain this?
Supposedly if we don‚Äôt fulfil the requirements for HSSC part 2 result will they seriously cancel our admission??
Any Hostels Near Fast  Department BS EE
Congratulations to those who got admission... üòäüòä Guys please drop your merit positions who got selected in SE and CS at main campus...
anyone selected in EME,EE ???
Acha guys,Since many reached me personally to ask about change of program policy at nust so imma explain it here once and for all. You can also download the nust change of program policy from nust website. I will only explain change of program within engineering fields According to nust,change of program has 2 categories, category A and category B Category A: if a person wants to change program from lower merit to higher merit department,he/she will have to achieve 3.3 or abo...ve cgpa in first year and if you want to go from lower higher merit to lower merit program,then you must have mendatory cgpa(nust didn't mention how much but I think,if a person passes all courses with 2.5 cgpa and above,then he/she must be eligible) Category B:Those who do not fall under category A will be in category B,they have to give net and their aggregate will be made with 50% fsc and 50% net. Now procedure to apply: Go to nust and download it's change of program form (category A or B According to yourself) Fill the form and attach transcript of Your CGPA and and take it to your Department coordinator. He/She will sign it and then submit it in main office(you can ask department coordinator to whom exactly you have to submit it). After that,FBA meeting will be called and your application will be discussed and the list will be made keeping in mind the seats that are available in the department.if 2 people have same cgpa but only one seat,then the person who had better merit position will be given preference. Hope it helps üòä
It has been two weeks since I paid the MS SE admission test fees but it still hasn't been verified yet. If the test starts from 17 July it's kind of late right?
Can you name a tech company that has been involved in the production and establishment of more than 10 brands, has been here longer than 8 years, and has worked... in about 7 industries? We certainly can, and that name is Gaditek ! Gaditek, which has been a proud sponsor of Developers' Day in the past, has helped develop multiple software, including the likes of MandiExpress, SquatWolf, CloudWays, SuperCrpy, BitBloxx with projects nearing completion to rise on the horizon.
Hi ! Fee Voucher I get is about 147k but i am not selected in my 1st preference. In Case of refund how much they deduct ?
Kon konsi engineering uni ma admission open hn ??.Nutech Ya Bahria University ü§î FoR #BSCS  Bahria mea Admission ho gya hea 31 August last date hea Nutech mea be Admission hnea kea chances Kafhi Bright han Ap mea so Jo in mea sea kse University mea phartea han Computer science department mea Plzz wo zaror Comment kar dn Sukria ‚ù§Ô∏è
Which one is best  Civil from Nust Computer software from FAST  Civil from giki  Or ... Chemical engineering from PIEAS  Plzzzz give me serious option
Quick question i have 800 marks ib fsc 1.DPT Or 2.BS media and filmaking
How many percentage this year? 60% FAST NU test and 40% intermediate marks
Jin ko Nust Need base mili he wo yeh detail kesay likhain gay..Admission detail and Have you ever been awarded any other scholarship..Yes or No
Ms data science at fast or job.  Which one you would prefer and why?
Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now and take your first step on the ladder of success. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Is there any  scope of aerospace engineering in Pakistan?
Guys i received the Mess Bill on 29 date but I still haven't received the Hostel Rent Bill , Is there any reason why ? They mentioned on their first mail that I will be forwarded the Rent Bill on Maximum 29 Date .
#KMDC Update Answer Key Update Kar De Gae Hai. New Answer K Mutabiq 2 Questions Cancel Howe Hai, Jis K Marks Sare Candidates Ko De DYe Gaye Hain.
Kindly fill this form. It is required to ease the admission process of FAST University for the upcoming batches.
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING (SEECS) ME CONFIRM STUDENTS APNA APNA MERIT POSITION  BATAEN
2nd merit list is uploaded check your portal
Can I please get in contact with someone who lives in a hostel in Karachi.
Is anyone here planning to do ACF from NUST
Are there any students from karachi who are looking for taking admissions in universities? This covid has led alot of people in financial crisis, just for the sake of humanity I want to help karachi people related to university informations
anyone who do MS-SE from Fast ?
Should we set the preferences according to our interest or is the descending order necessary keeping in view last year's merit positions? Any senior?
Aoa! My aggregate is 75.62. Is this enough for EE? Do I have any chance of getting selected in the first few lists?
Fast admission are open for baccalaureate?
AOA FAST Islamabad mn MS CNS k fall 2018 ka time table ksi k pas ho ga?
I have choices bscs, bsse, and bsee. Ab mujjey admission dyna chahiye?
Any one tell me tha merit of cs in islamabad campus
Are you bored with online classes and eager to learn something new? Well, I've got the perfect fit for you. I am initiating a series of workshops on different M...icrosoft technologies that will be hosted on the Microsoft Teams application, and I'll do my best to deliver my knowledge by teaching everything from scratch to everyone. I'll be hosting events on C#, .NET Framework & GUI Applications With C#, Back-end Web Development With ASP.NET Core & Node.js, Microsoft Imagine Cup, Version Controlling With Git & Github, and Introduction to Cloud Computing with Microsoft Azure.  If interested, drop down your email address in the google sheet below to get invitations and event reminders. https://docs.google.com/‚Ä¶/1KSXaYkNZ0t1wFRTQOjqDeZVoSd‚Ä¶/edit‚Ä¶ Given below is the link to my first virtual workshop that I'll be hosting on Microsoft Teams application. Anyone with prior experience of at least one programming language and an idea of basic programming fundamentals is welcome to join this session. Event Meeting Link : https://teams.microsoft.com/‚Ä¶/19%3aba75a05ce‚Ä¶/1586095580609‚Ä¶ Event Benefits: - You will get to know the importance of Microsoft C# as a programming language. - You will learn some essential features of C#. - You will learn Object-Oriented Programming With C#. - You will get a Certificate From Microsoft. 3. If you're joining via mobile, first download Microsoft Teams application from the play store, then click the invitation link and select the "Enter With Teams Application" option.
Alhamdullilah Got selected in Civil Engineering.
#NUST #Sialkot Campus Updates  NUST campus to be setup in Sialkot: Government releases funds worth Rs 180 million. The Federal Government of Pakistan has released the essential preliminary funds to establish a dedicated campus of the National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST) in Sialkot, said the Federal Minister. While talking to the Media in Islamabad, the Federal Minister for Defence, Water and Power, Khawaja Muhammad Asif, said that a special grant was released... worth PKR 180 million was released as the first installment in order to setup the NUST‚Äôs campus in Sambrial, Sialkot. He further said that the campus would span over 150 acres of land that would be built using an approximate cost of Rs 4 billion. The minister added that the campus would focus on advanced technology and engineering courses that would be specifically curated to the forthcoming needs of the industries that bear an export-oriented outlook. The Member National Assembly Armughan Subhani,the Member Provincial Assemblies Muhammad Iram, Arshad Javaid Warraich, and Tariq Akhtar Subhani, the Sialkot District Council‚Äôs Chairperson Hina Arshad Warraich, Vice Chairman Ch Raza Subhani and Mayor Sialkot Municipal Corporation Ch Tauheed were also present on the occasion. NUST Entry Test
Fast k next admission kB se hn? And test me kya hota ha I mean kya kya ata ha plz guide me???
Merit position is 2190.any chance in civil in MCE or electrical in EME
Someone please guide me for nust NBS preparation? Which books to get and how to prepare?
Hamdard University Admissions Spring 2018  (BE/BS/BBA/B.ED/BEMS/LLB/ME/MS/M.Phil/Ph.D)
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS & BDS) Closing Aggregates  (After 3rd Merit list)
anyone from MS Material and Surface Engineering  ???
Last date for the submission of the dues for Fast is 27th july. Comsats merit list isn't displayed yet. Comsats aggregate is 72%. I want to do bscs from fast islamabad. If i go for fast, can i switch my course ? 
Need serious advice mein ne change of preference ki application fast islamabad mein submit krwai he uska result 31st ke bd aye ga and conditionally mera fast Peshawar mein hoo gaya!! What should i do to wait for 2nd merit list or go for fast Peshawar becoz my aggregate is 62.22 and fast islamabad 1st merit list aggregate is 62!!???
The battles have been fought, the lands have been conquered, but the greater combat is yet to be engaged in. Dont rest easy. This marks the arrival of the Fresh...man Round Three of Coder's Cup 2019, powered by Tehreer.
Roadside Grill is offering a flat 10% discount exclusively for our students and alumni
My score is 61.89 n closing of fast first merit was 62 this year.  Do I have any chance in second merit list? Will there be a second list?
Any chances of third merit list ??
My merit position is 504. Any chance in bba?!
What was the aggregate of CS AND BBA last year?
I wanted to ask if there are any past papers available for Entry Test preparation except for the sample test from 2006...
Drop your merit no. If you want to go PNEC for EE
AOA How is to do MS transportation engineering at MCE Risalpur? Research orientation? Accommodation for MS student and procedure? Study and living environment?
Assalam-o-Alikum I hope all of you are fine I am selected in MS(CS) program at FAST Islamabad. I wanted to know the timings of MS classes as I am planning to do job along with MS in future.
Degree programs offred at University of education...  Lahor.....  Govt uni....
AOA, Any student from FAST Islamabad doing MS CS or MS CNS.
A.o.A  Q1) I can go for any of the courses that i am eligible for ?  Update : yes i can  Q2) I have to take all my documents to the campus which i want to carry forward and then telll them that this is the course i will be pursuing?  Q3) alevel result has not been announced. Wait krna padega ya u can tell them that we will update as soon as we get the result?
- Dear All This page is for Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus only so all communications are for CFD Campus strictly. All the other campuses operate as per their procedures and policies. Please don't take information of this page for all campuses.
BsCS is best or Bs cyber security?  Anyone can tell?
Any chance of 2nd merit list karachi campus?
Yaar  Mechatronics yeh mechanical from CEME.. Merit no. 641 Interested in mechatronics
IS FAST FAISALABAD AND ISLAMABAD SAME OR DIFF
Is software engineering in fast isb approved by pec?
Can someone share closing merit position of material, environmental and geoinformatics engineering?
Aoa Girls who are enrolled in BSCS ISL campus dm me to join WhatsApp group. (Freshies only) Edit: there seems to be an issue with my messenger option, here is link to message on: https://m.me/sarah.noor.790
Which is better.. Interest is technology oriented specifically towards AI. 
Assalam Alaikum. My younger brother is selected in Fast NU for CS, I wanted to ask if he can avail PEEF Scholarship for Islamabad campus of Fast or not?? Is there anyone who is availing this scholarship for this campus then please guide me!
Alhamdulillah , got admission for BS CS in Islamabad campus
Introducing our Logistics Head: Ahsan Murtaza Malik Hi there!  This is Ahsan Murtaza malik. I am currently enrolled in the 3rd semester of Electrical power engi...neering in Air University. I have been the part of Airtech since 2018. This time I am appointed as Head of Logistics for AirTech‚Äô19.  In the past I have worked with many reputed organizations like Cesvi Pakistan and UN Pakistan. Now I am working in Youth Counselling and development network as a Lead Ambassador.  I am privileged to be a part Airtech'19 as Logistics Head. I am looking forward to showcase all my best skills for this event.  #AirTech #TechForLife #AirUniveristy
I have 77% aggregate any chances in fast isb electrical engr
924 in Matric 431 in F. SC part1 How much marks needed in FAST entry test to secure admission in Lhr's discipline..? Engg. Only
The last merit position offered admission in 2nd selection list for BS Physics session 2020 is 692.
Bachelor of Computer Science (BCS 3 Years) Admissions in Govt Colleges (Affiliated with University of Karachi) ================== DJ Science College, Pakistan Chok (Boys & Girls) Govt College SRE Majeed, Stadium Road (Boys & Girls) Govt National College, Bahdurabad (Only Boys)... Khursheed College, Shah Faisal Colony  (Only Girls) Sir Syed Girls College, Nazimabad (Only Girls) ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA Intermediate (with Mathematics) Passed with 45% or DAE  (with Mathematics) Passed with 50%
Frnd plz help me,Fast ke last date 7 july hai mgr aaj mtlb 6 july  py form fill kiya to us k challan py likha tha due date 6 july.plz guide mn ab kya krun kya meri suba means 7th july  py fees submit ho sakte hai?
Matric 77% Fsc part 1:50.49% Any chance in BBA üòêüòêüòê
Any one know about third merit list...
65 merit position no for MS at SEECS any possibility ?
Closing merit of SMME Mechanical in second list?  Anyone?
 We are looking for a ‚ÄòShopify Expert Developer and Social Media Integration Manager‚Äô, having at least 2-3 years‚Äô experience of the following:... Thorough understanding of theme building and Graphic Design Integration Creation of inventory, and WH internally, and adding products as drop shipping sources like Ali Express or Ali Baba  Transfer, Inventory & Collections, including delivery app integration and knowledge of Shopify delivery API‚Äôs with external mobile apps Order Fulfillment and Abandoned check-outs conversion  Customers, gift cards and discounts  Analytics and Marketing  Complete understanding of Shopify Apps e.g;, sourcing, creation of traffic, boosting sales, customer experience, Re-target app, Gtranslate (Arabic), Optimize upsell, Coupon Hero, Social Boost, Video Check-out, Pixel Magic, other marketing integration apps Email marketing on Shopify  SMS Marketing from Shopify  How to improve Shopify conversion rate  Check-out site loading time reduction Language and check-out experience  Check-out colours and seals  Fin-tech integration paypal, credit card, stripe, others Pop-ups and timing of pop-ups for additional cart additions  Editing Product imaging  Expert in Tricks and tips for Shopify sales increase  Setting up of FB ad page and FB ad post and integration  Google search SEO  Shopify product and page and Google page ranking  Creation of multiple stores from one account and multiple brands and products Shopify Click Funnels, upsell, cross sell & down sell Creation and addition of domains to Shopify ‚Äì buying domains   Using google analytics with Shopify and other 3rt party analytic apps  Integration of Shopify with Instagram hashtags, Pinterest, Embedding Youtube videos in Shopify Product Pages   Shopify & Oberlo integration  Expert Php Developer and integration with Shopify, including but not limited to Form Data in Php, Built in and Custom functions, DB in Php, Php security, Object Oriented Php and Web Shopify and Amazon FBA integration
Orientation timing of fast in isb campus  ?
the last merit positions offered in the second selection list for the following programs:  1) BBA. 2) Bs Accounting and finance. 3) Bs Economics.... 4) Bs Public administration. 5) Bs mass com. 6) Bs Psychology. 7) llb (hons).
Admin Approve. Do we have to bring Affidavit and Medical fitness Certificate along with us on Orientation? Selected at SCEE, batchmates help
Need your Guidance regarding BS(EE) in Islamabad Campus. Any Student from EE here?!
NUST Entry Test #NET2 Updates  Online Registration for NET-2018 (Series-2) will remain open from 12 Feb to 15 March 2018. Computer based tests will commence from 27 March 2018 onwards. Paper based test will commence from 31 March to 1 April 2018. Details: https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/
i got 93% in matric and 88%in fsc and i want to do BSCS so guide me to select the best university...
Karachi University Oreintation & Yome-e-Jamia Update
Admissions Open at FAST NUCES Lahore campus, Make your journey hassle free by becoming a part of this prestigious institution. Where we ensure that you go over and beyond in your desired career paths. Apply now on our website: http://bit.ly/2YZzoSR For more information, visit FAST NUCES Lahore campus or call 042-111-128-128.
Closing Merit Position and Aggregate for BBA first merit list?
ITU, HEC and Microsoft bring an amazing opportunity for members of faculty, staff and students.  You can now become a Microsoft Certified Office Specialist, an internationally recognized accreditation, by taking the exam that is free of cost. It requires no pre-requisites of age or academic requirements. 
Scope of civil in Pakistan.  Koi ye na kahy bndy ka scope hota.  Kindly btayen.  Or inko job kidr milti ?
336 Bs Chemistry and not selected   chances in which list??
Time is running out fast, don't let this opportunity slip people!
Anyone knows about economics closing merit position in 2 list?
Federal Urdu University Admissions 2017 (Morning) BS/MSc/MA/MCom 
Barret Hodgson University Admissions 2017-18 (BE/BS/BBA)
 Entry Test Based Programs (Morning) for PRE-MEDICAL Students (With Last 3 Years Closing Percentages)
58 merit list position in Ms Environmental engineering, is there any chance
Closing merit for Bs eco?
Hello, I‚Äôve applied for BSCS! Somehow I forgot to upload my CNIC, now due date is gone, my question is will they consider my admission?
Whats the closing merit of CS this time im quite nervous as i am not in the 1st list  Kindly help
Suggest me a Laptop around 80K. Good for programming/animation.
Last date of fee submission was  30 july. Can we still get admission by paying fee?
2) Dow University (DPT/BS) Result? A :- Mostly Test K Bad 10 se 15 Din Main Ata Hai So In 3/4 Dino Main Expected Hai.
Aoa  I have been selected in 2nd list but iam not interested in the department Last date of fee submission is 30 sep  I wanna ask that if I don't submit fee then can I be selected in 3rd list I just wanna understand the method of selection any guidance will be appreciated thanks
What are we supposed to take to the orientation ?
Under the ongoing career counselling activities by the Academics Department at ITU, an interactive session was organized with Mr. Tayyab Aijaz (CEO- Roshan Packages Limited) as our guest speaker.   About the Speaker: Mr. Tayyab Aijaz Qureshi is a business graduate who started his professional career with Roshan Group. Currently, he is working as the CEO of Roshan Packages Ltd. He is also a founding director of PAMCO, a Punjab Agri-marketing company for three years. He is also... executive editor of Monthly Urdu digest and regular analyst and writer of current affairs. Mr. Tayyab is also the CEO and Director of Roshan Sun Tao Paper Mills, a joint venture between Roshan Packages Limited and Shandong Yongtai Paper Mills, a Chinese corrugated paper producer. The guest speaker's session was hosted by Director Academics at ITU, Ms. Farzana Shahid, in partnership with Career Pakistan‚Äôs Talk World Program. About ‚ÄòTalk World‚Äô: Talk World is a platform for professionals of action to spread their knowledge in the form of talk sessions and interact with students at their educational institutions. Talk World now has over 500+ established speakers on its panel ranging from senior management of Corporations including CEOs, as well country representatives of leading multinational NGOs and dignitaries including Ambassadors from 20 countries. The program has hosted talks in universities across Pakistan.
does anyone has merit list of bscs 2019
Hello Juniors, Who Found FAST NUCES in the list and then (s)he is here! üòÇ‚ù§Ô∏è
 Mark the date and don't forget to join us!
Is admission possible in govt uni with 397 marks for Bs optometry? Plz  guide
FAST Faisalabad campus provides transport facility for students in all the major areas of Chiniot and Faisalabad. For more information, get in touch with at 041-111128128 or inbox us now. Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
BS and M.Sc Fall 2020 Semester will commence from Tuesday 15th September, Classes will be held online. Please download TimeTable from the following link: https://pucit.edu.pk/timetable/
Student of programme mai kya likhna hai?  Affidavit and undertaking mai.
Please someone tell me Engineering is good. s physics..
Some Questions Regarding HEC Test =============== Q :- Karachi University Ka Test HEC Legi? A :- Is Per Abi tak Final Faisla Nhe Howa hai. Q :- HEC Test K 2nd Phase Main Kon Se Universities Inculde hai?... A :- Karachi Main Dawood University. iske Elawa #FMDC (Govt Medical Uni Hai Islamabd main Jis Main Karachi Ke Seats Bhi hai) Q :- Medical Universities Ka Test Kon Lega? A :- Next ijlaas Main FInal Faisla Hoga. --------- #HEC Entry test (2nd Phase) main Apply Karne K Lye Is Link per Jae. http://hec.gov.pk/‚Ä¶/HECAnnouncements/Pages/ETC-Phase-II.aspx
Merit position 4189 in CS/Engineering. Any chance in Nust?
Hello everyone  Clear my this Question? I am in pre_medical group so this year i changed my group for med to engen so this year papers are not happeing and I am able to apply in fast(bscs) so now the news coming is group change students are also be promoted so i am trouble aghr me form medical base pr brhun or enter ki marksheet engerning base pr dun!! Ase to admission me masla ho jae ga! Iska koi solution hai tell me
Hostel challan a gya h mail pr.Go and checkHostel Challan has arrived in the mail. Go and check
Matric 83% 1st year 78% any chance in software engineering
Fast k test ki preparation khis book sy krni chaiye Ecat or Nts ?? For CS
Any senior from mcs??
Anyone attended Bscs orientation today? Then please share schedule/timings.
I'm an A levels student looking to apply to FAST and I have an O levels equivalence of 83.11% and a SAT-1 score of 1390 and a SAT-2 Maths score of 770. Should I apply on open merit to CS at Lahore campus or should I apply on the basis of my sat score. And am I supposed to enter my raw score in the SAT section because they have provided us with two boxes for the English section score but we get our English score combined of the two sections
Why Computer engineering is not a popular choice comparatively cs or se
Closing merit of BS(AI)?
FOR MEDICAL STUDENTS ======== Kuch Log Kehte Hain K Inter Main Kam Percentage Per Medical Universities Main Admission Possible Nahe Hai. Mai Ye tu Nahe Kahunga K Possible Nahe Hai Lekin Bht Mushkil Hota Hai but Impossible Nahe Hai. Mai Apko Srf Explain Kar Deta Hun :-... Medical Universities Main Aggregate per Admissions Hote Hain Means 10% Matric, 40% Intermediate & 50% Entry Test Marks Mila K Merit banta Hai. Aggregate Malom Karne Ka Tareeqa :- Matric % x 0.1 + Inter % x 0.4 x Entry test Marks x 0.5 = Aggregate For Example :- Apke Matric Main 80% hai, Inter Main 74% Hai or Test Main 75 Marks Lete ho tu Apka Aggregate Aese Niklega 80 x 0.1 = 8 74 x 0.4 = 29.6 75 x 0.5 = 37.5 8 + 29.6 + 37.5 = 75.1 Aggregate Bana Apka. Is tarah Test Main Zyada marks lenge tu Aggregate or Barhega.
Karachi University Admissions 2017 Donor Seats or Reserved Seats Per Select hone Wale Candidates 5th January Tak Apne Documents or Fees Jama Kara dey.
Two people leaving bba program please comment closing merit was 227 i am 229 üòÇ
2nd Merit List updated
Merit Position : 1316 Mechatronics my nam a jay gha ?? If yes then in Which List .??
I am from Chiniot. Mostly students have got emails regarding hostel allotment but still I didn't recieve such email . Should I wait or looking for private hostels?
 Self Financed Fee Structure
 Don't forget to give your feedback.
BS-CS BATCH OF 2019 2ND SEMESTER Lahore Campus
Anyone selected in social sciences ( any Field) in 3 list. What is ur merit position?
Situated at the junction of Pakistan‚Äôs industrial hub‚ÄîFaisalabad and the historically rich city of Chiniot in suburbs of River Chenab, the Chiniot - Faisalabad campus is the 5th campus of the university.  FAST-NU CFD Campus offers BBA, BS(A&F), MBA, BSCS, MSCS, BSEE and MSEE 
Accounting Expert needed. It's a paid task. Check the file, if you can do it, come to inbox. Thanks
Merit no 433  Always wanted to do civil but donno why getting lots of second thoughts these days. What are the chances in Mechanical SMME btw?  Btw I'm interested in mechanical too but never met a mechanical engineer and know next to nothing about the field so my lesser interest is partially due to lesser knowledge. So should I select mechanical as a first preference or not.  Are there enough jobs for mechanical as compared to civil ya khawari hi hei? ... Which field is better. And what are my chances in the field.  Seniors please help..!
 Merit list of qualified candidates for BS (CS, SE, EE) will be announced tonight at 11:00 PM. Stay Connected.  For queries, call our Helpline at +92 335 1128128 or Email us at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk
Merit. No 4249 Environmental Engineering last year merit was 4567 In 2018 it was 3016 Kia admission hojaye ga aur konsi list taak aa jaye ga?
 Entry Test Based Programs (Morning) for DAE Students (With Last 3 Years Closing Percentages)
I selected Lahore as preferred campus but can I also apply  in Islamabad campus to get admission?
Fast 2nd merit list is announced.check your portal
Anyone get orientation email??  On campus orientation...
Govt Medical Colleges (DMC.SMC.KMDC.LMC) Last Year Closing Aggregate
Anyone knows about exact closing merit for bba in islamabad?
Anyone having 75% or around aggregate please drop your merit position.
admission last date kab hain???
meri matric main 84 or fsc-1 main 71 engineering mein possible ha ??
Anyone here who was appeared for lab assistant test held at fast uni islamabad on 28 Sep 2019 ???
Are you an Abrar-ul-Haq fan? Do you love to listen him singing your favorite songs? Do you want to know all about his singing and social work career?  Then tune... in to Information Technology University FM 90.4 at 2:30 PM on Monday, 14th October and listen to an exciting interview of the Pakistan's most favorite and renowned pop singer, musician and social worker Abrar ul Haq with our very own RJ Seemal Bilal in the show called 'Sham se Pehly'. 
What does eligible mean?can i take admission in eligible fields?
I want to know that can I apply now for ehsaas program. I have got admission in Nust civil engineering. I haven't applied for any scholarship before at Nust. Now I want to apply for Ehsaas program Scholarship. Is it possible now to get scholarship?... I will submit first semester fee and later before 30th of this month submit required documents of ehsaas program at Nust. Kindly guide
What is Data Science?   (Data science in Urdu/Hindi.) Ye ak aysa discipline hay jismy data ki madad se cheezon ko understand kia jata hay. Ismay kuch scientific... methods, algorithms use kiye jaten hayn jiski madad se hamy ksi bhi structured or unstructured data se knowledge militi hay. Is technique me mostly data se deal kia jata hay. Data ko store, record or analyze kia jata hay or useful information get (hasil) Karli jati hay.  Data science data mining, deep learning or big data se relate karti hay. Explanation and Example: Jese k internet ki dunya grow kar rahi hay or har cheez online hugai hay, istrah data internet par increase karta jara hay. Ab is data ko secure bhi karna hay, store bhi karna hay, or manage bhi karna hay. Is situation may Data science ak important discipline ki form me samny ati hay. For example, agar kisi company k pass bohat zada data (i.e petabytes of data) ho gya hay to usay data science apply krni pary gi. Data science effectively data store, manage or use karny me madad dega. Ismay koi shak ni k any wala time data ka hay. Har ksi ko data se deal krna pary ga, to wo phr koi company ho, koi government organization ho, ya koi b individual ho, data sub k liye important cheez ha. Bohat c bari companies jese k Facebook, Youtube, Microsoft data science ki madad se hi apny data ko manage karti hain. Aanay waly waqt me is field ka scope bhi increase hony wala hay. Data Science ki madad se business plans define kiye jaa sktay hain, sales, profit or loss predict kia ja skta or isi tarah iski kafi applications hain. Ab wo field medical ki ho, business ho ya education, data science har field me apna kaam dikha rhi hay. To phr ap bhi is field k bary me mazeed explore Karen, ku k internet ki dunya me data ki importance day-by-day barhti hi jari hay. To zaror is field k bary me learn karen and grow karen. Keep Learningüòä #datascience #aasanlearning #education #technology #pakistan
#NED Admit Card Update ================= 1. All such candidates who have not yet received their admit cards should note that admit cards will only be issued after payment of fee and uploading proper photo as per guidelines provided at http://www.neduet.edu.pk/‚Ä¶/10-07-20‚Ä¶/Photogrph-guideline.pdf.... Photographs with following attributes will not be accepted. i. Photographs taken with a background other than white background ii. Candidate dressed in an informal dress iii. Candidate dressed in school/college uniform iv. Candidates dress which carry a logo or sign of any commercial entity or a product v. Photo cropped from another large size photo or taken through selfie vi. Photo which is of full or semi height of the candidate vii. Poorly scanned or poor quality or light shades Note: Candidates in their own interest should ensure to upload proper photo so as their admit cards issued immediately; otherwise, they will not be able to appear in the test. 2. Due to some maintenance of IT system, NED University website will not be functional from 12th August, 2017 at 1700 hrs. till 14th August, 2017. Any candidate who may not receive the admit card till that time, may get it after 14th August, 2017
Aoa.. Anyone that can tell me about Kamyab jawan program courses in Fast islamabad campus . TIA
What is merit of software Engineering in fast islamabad
I applied for BSCS in Karachi but I am eligible in CFD campus. I have filled the form and they said they will contact me. What should I do now? And how will I know that my seat is secured?
AoA, We operate as a tour operator from Islamabad and Lahore, Basically we belong from NUST, need ambassador from FAST University, Initially volunteer will get free tours of Kashmir and Northern areas. If anyone has strong marketing skills and social circle, if interested, contact me via inbox. Page Link: https://web.facebook.com/mat.makeatour/
Need guidance. My merit number is 358. I put computer science of seecs in 1st preference. I also ticked bs physics math and chemistry. So I will be selected in computer science right.
Ahmed Raza please try to invite the EE freshmen to the group
Anyone doing MSCS from fast Lahore? Need some information.
BS English literature: This is four year Bachlor degree Institute: The best Institute for English is 1.National university of modern language(numl)... 2.GC university Lahore 3.punjab university Lahore 4.peshawer university 5. university of krachi Scope: Importance of English language is inevitable in this Era, to clear any competitive exam u must have a strong grip on English languistically.. After doing graduation in English literature or languistic u can opt following professions: 1.CSS 2.PMS 3.college lecturer and university professor 4.script writing u can also work as a freelance writer 5.u can teach the coarse of ielts, tophel, spoken english or even in css preparation acadmy Suitable for: If u are interested in English litrature as litrature is mirror of life, then this degree will reward you or if u are aspiring civil services and have poor educational background then u can fulfill those vibes through graduation in English..
Any ideas on this thing mentioned here. Are admissions closed or should we wait for the new policy. Please guide me with this üôÇ
hello girls are you ready to hangout on this weekend .. ???  only in 3500/head book your seats as early as possible limited seats are available https://www.facebook.com/events/191215911953079/
Guys we are a group of 4 people and we need 2 people who are good at documentation.  I will do the programming thing but I am not so good at documentation and we need people whoa re up for it. So if someone wants to get in for that please ping me. We have decided the projects proposal is left. Also I will make sure I take you through the coding as well. Let me know about your thoughts.
62.9090 aggregate of fast Nu test... any chance in Cs in isb??
I have 1340/1600 marks in SAT 1....82% in Matric and 79% in fsc. what are the chances for Accounting and finance? and if yes then which list? if any one know about that.
For those selected in 3rd merit list in acf plz comment your merit position.
Hello, guys. I've selected CS as my major in NUST which is my field of interest since a very long time. However, I'm really interested in electronics as well. So  can students opt for minors in NUST? Can any senior guide me? Thank you!
Anyone who got admission in NUST Baluchistan Campus. Drop your merit no. You Can ask for any sort of guidance related to campus and hostels and essentials required.
merit positions have been announced. And this is last year closing
If you could choose between COMSATS and FAST in terms of SE, Which one would you choose and why?
University of Karachi Admissions Updates (Morning) (Bachelors & Masters Open Merit Departments) ============== 1st Picture main Open Merit Departments Ke List De Howe Hain. 2nd Picture Main UBL Bnak K Un Branches K Nam Hain, Jahan Se Forms Milenge.... 3rd Picture Main Form Fill Karne K Hawale Se Instructions hai. FOrms Lene or Jama Karane Ke AKhri tareekh 12th December Hai. Open Merit Departments Main Koe Test Nahe Hota Hai. Ik Form Main Ap 5 Fields Likh Sakte Hain. Koe Bhi Filed Likhne Se Pehle Prospectus Main Us Field Ke Eligibility Dekhye Us K Bad Us Field Last Year CLosing Percentages Dekhye, Jo Field Ap K % Se 2,3% Kam ya 2,3% zyda per close howe ho un me apka chance he.
FAST NUCES Lahore is equipped with highly qualified faculty, that strives to provide a rich learning environment to the undergraduate students. 
Those who have selected for BS Chemistry in 4the list  drop Your merit position!
How is cse from mcs?
candidate must have 1 year experience in wordpress and custom PHP
MS (cns) üëÄ?
#2nd_merit_list  Got Recieved ... Mera abhi aya hai AI ka lia selected oor SE CS ka lia eligible üòäüòä Pahly kise main bhe eligible tha sewae Cyber security ka  NOTE: orr sab apny portal check karlo wahan pata chal jaega
Can we get medical health form signed by a dentist given that they have valid PMDC number and stamp?
I want to apply for MS data science  Student of Ms computer science software engineers or data science please comment
Those selected in acf for second merit list plz drop your merit number
Aoa!  Is there anyone who can guide me for taking admission in any private medical institute?  I have passed MCAT with 132/200
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<< Subject: Display of 14th Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! 14th Merit Selection list for UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been uploaded. Congratulations to all the selected candidates. Deadline to submit documents and dues: 8th October 2020 Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following website link Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/Merit_List.php Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
Any one tell me the fee of cs department
Ned Closing Marks Statistics  (2014-15, 2015-16, 2016-17)
Nust ki 4th list me MCS me software engineering ka closing merit no kya h
A group of natural population which can interbreed freely among themselves and produce fertile offsprings but are reproductively isolated from all other such groups in nature are called A. Order B. Family C. Genera D. Species... NUST Entry Test Engeecon Academy
Pucit m pre medical valy student apply kr skta hai BSCS k lya???
IQRA UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2017 For  BBA/MBA/BS/MS/M.Phil/Ph.D Last Date to Apply = 13th July, 2017. Entry Test Date = 16th July, 2017.
*** Admin approve please** Let's analyze pc seats competition.. Drop your merit position. Mine 1466 Yours????
Our students make our campus. No doubt the Batch 14 is the lighthouse of our castle. Now, its time to bid them a goodbye and tell them that they'll be missed. #Farewell14 #Masquerades
Expected merit list of fast islamabad
Is there any one who's doing Ms mechanical engineering from CEME?
Is your project that big of an idea or an innovation that the world needs to see it?  Can it advance technology for Humanity?  if yes then, then this challenge ...is for you.  Show us what you got. This will be a national  online competition. Get Ready.
Admissions in Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) for Balochistan"s Candidates
Aga Khan University Admission (MBBS)
Green is the colour of hope. It is the oasis in the midst of a desert when you are dying of thirst. It is the colour of serenity. Green is the colour of growth,... renewal and life. And now, it is the face of Developer's Day 2019. With a legacy of rewarding aspiring individuals, we are back with an exciting assortment of competitions, tech talks and a star studded job event. Above all, we are honoured to walk with you through this journey of growth and self reliability as you explore the depths of your potential.
Merit n.o 252. ACF and in which list?
What‚Äôs the timing of orientation? EE group
Yrr I've been Selected for BBA in Fast islamabad, Can someone pls tell me about hostels there? Plus is it better that I do BBA from FAST or I should do some engineering stuff from IST?
PUCIT or Comsats(isb) for cs?
is fast transportation facility is available in pindi ?
I am eligible in Fast Faisalabad & Peshawar campus in BSCS. Need suggestions which one is better or some other option would be better.
 So what are you waiting for?  Get yourself registered and submit your fee at the registration desk in the Cafeteria as there are only limited seats available. Note: This is exclusively for FAST-CFD students. #zedaignermovement #FDS
When will the classes of Bs EE/CS will start in session 2017
 Or Pictures Ka Har Set K Sath Alag Lagae Q K 3no Check List Main alag Dye Howe Hain.... Or File Main jahan 6 pictures lagane ke jagah hai wahan alag laga de. Zyada Dene se Farq nh parta hai. Kam dene se problem ho Sakti Hai.
4th Intra Fast Debates Competition by BOL (25-28 OCT, 2016)
Is Reopening of university from 21st confirmed??
How's the scope of chemical engineering in pakistan?
Hye !!!  I wanna register fr a summer course. Can anybody plz inform me abt hostels near campus.
Aoa  I need help  Mai fast mai MS computer science K liye apply Karna chahta hun  So GAT test de to fast K b test dena hoga kiaa??
Guys, I am unable to understand about new timetable and is tomorrow we have classes ? Anyone who knows  new  timings of classes please mention in comments.  PS: mujhy excel sheet se smjh no ata
Is Bs(se) of fast Islamabad hec recognized?
Aoa. Anyone who has given today (or recently) Admission Test for MS Data Science/AI/ SE/CNS? I need some information. Thanks
Once again back on popular demand, The Literary Club inductions give you the opportunity to join its distinguished squad for the second time. TLC welcomes those... with a passion to learn, with a zeal to succeed, and with dreams to achieve. With our mentorship for oratory skills, writing, reading and many more prowess you will mark your place as the cream of the crop. Our team of like-minded, supportive individuals will help you hone your talents and achieve eminence in whatever you choose to pursue.  Those who are willing to learn, to work, and to strive for their goals, please join us for our second round of inductions!  Time: Tuesday 8th October 11 am - 1 pm Venue: E4
Juniors who re asking for "recommending a particular Field" This is such a thing you need to explore it by yourself. Everyone has a unique perspective towards a field. At the end irrespective of degree and university "you define yourself"  Select a Field by keeping in view the following factors by yourself 1. Passion (Do you think you really like to go for it) 2. Do you think you can excel with it comparatively more than other fields?... 3. Scope is that would you be able to compete with the others in market of your respective field? If yes for above three, then go for it. Don't worry about University ranking, Which field, bla bla. "Ask yourself" Please don't select a field on basis of "High Merit" etc rather be rational
I'm really stressed!! I put in the address of my private hostel for the postal address and now they send me this mail.. Is there any turning back now?! I really need the hostels.. üò•üò•
ITU student makes his mark... Congratulations to our BSMT-17 Student Gohar Javaid who has been selected by the University of Massachusetts for the "Study of US Institutes for Student Leaders on Comparative Public Policy making". Study of the U.S. Institute for Student Leaders on Comparative Public Policymaking is an intensive... short term academic program - sponsored by the U.S State Department; whose purpose is to provide groups of undergraduate student leaders with a deeper understanding of the United States, while simultaneously enhancing their leadership skills. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Maryam Batool
Chances For a 2nd list in Fast Islamabad campus? Especially for BBA.
News Center bringing you live from Islamabad, where Students are Protesting & Speaking to Media about HEC Onlinne Classes & Universities charging fees from stud...ents in these days of lock down for last 4 months. ÿßŸìŸÜ ŸÑÿßÿ¶ŸÜ ⁄©ŸÑÿßÿ≥ ÿ®ŸÜÿØ ⁄©€å ÿ¨ÿßÿ¶€å⁄∫ ÿßŸàÿ± ŸÅ€åÿ≥ ÿÆÿ™ŸÖ ⁄©€å ÿ¨ÿßÿ¶€í €ÅŸÖÿßÿ±€å ŸÜ€Å ÿ≥ŸÜ€å ⁄Øÿ¶€å ÿ™Ÿà 12 ÿ¨ŸàŸÜ ⁄©Ÿà ⁄©ÿ≥€å ⁄©€å ŸÜ€Å€å⁄∫ ÿ≥ŸÜÿ¶€å⁄∫ ⁄Ø€í ŸæŸàÿ±ÿß ŸÖŸÑ⁄© ÿ®ŸÜÿØ ⁄©ÿ± ÿØ€å⁄∫ ⁄Ø€í
Confused about negative marking and aggregate calculation! Huh.. Here an App. which will serve you well. You just need the information about your marks you got in the entry test, your intermediate percentage, enter the information, and bang!! There is your accurate aggregate.
Flat Near  Fast/Nust On Rent ? Price Should Be In Medium Range.  Looking For Your Comments.  Thanks.
Any chances in any field
Does Anybody know the closing merit position for BSCS?
 or you can grab them online from www.eticketing.pk/osaf
- Staff Recruitment Test kicked off at campus for support staff
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. Behind any successful event, there comes the series of workflows and effo...rts of intelligent minds that put ideas into plan. Despite of amplified complexities and increased competitions every year, Procom aspires to pursue versatility with these intricacies and remained the foremost event of all times. From speed rivalries to the recruitment opportunities and exposure with the leading firms in tech markets, PROCOM upholds the absolute pride to showcase its redundant accomplishment towards its goal. Yet with another year, comes another flagship event of NUCES, PROCOM‚Äô20. President and management team are delighted to inform that PROCOM turns 22 this year. This year, PROCOM promises to come up with more and trendy latitudes, to let everyone embrace themselves with its novel exposure.
Is it necessary to have studied maths in order to apply for bba?
Well i am selected in ee of fast Is it good to continue???  #seniours
If you have not applied yet, you still have a chance.  Be quick and apply at www.nu.edu.pk and be a part of something amazing.
Is my admission confirmed on 78.8 in SEECS (CS) or should I attend first 3 days of FAST university till merit list is displayed . Please guide .
BSCS or BSSE required from a reputable university. Fresh Graduates required with interest in development for Oracle NetSuite Cloud ERP.  Internship Period: 03 Months  Successful completion of NetSuite Training and Internship program may lead towards permanent employment.
Hey Guys got admission in Fast Peshawar for CS What are your suggestions Should i go for it or not? Need review from a alumni if any
Looking for fresh BS (CS) or B.EE from COMSATS for the location of Islamabad, Gojar Khan and Jhelum. Salary package is around 30k-35k. kindly share your resume at: mshuja.cp@gmail.com  till 27th June 2018
Do you wanna be part of management team of FASTech'13..??? If you have convincing skills and leadership quality then come join us. Team Fastech‚Äô13 is selecting EVENT AMBASSADOR from all the universities of Pakistan. Send your name, university details and also tell us about yourself for why will we choose you as a University ambassador for FASTech‚Äô13 contact us at: thinkncreate2012@gmail.com
Any one tell me about second merit list...
One of the easiest paper of NTS history. The merit is going to be very high this year.
When will 3rd merit list will be uploaded? Any idea!
My father runs a business but in ehsas scholarship form,  employer name and contact number is being asked. Can someone guide?
Looks like they extended the deadline. If Cambridge reviews grades can students who were rejected due to U's bring new results to get enrolled? Or is this deadline only for second merit list?
Those who got selected in LLB ! Where are you ? :)
Hostel fee 20,000 kb deposit krwani hoti ha??? Jb allotment hoti ha??Hostel fee 20,000 when is to be deposited? When allotment happens??
Merit position 1912. Any chance in civil engineering at MCE or NICE ??
Best Girls Hostel in Islamabad *Three times meal *Ups backup 24 hrs *Cafeteria facility available (no need to go outside for junk food) ... *Beauty Parlor *Near metro bus stop *Nayatel High Speed *Car parking *Cubical Rooms and sharing  rooms *Luxury bedrooms with attached washrooms *Walking distance to NUML University,  Iqra University,  SZABIST,  Shifa International Hospital Islamabad, Preston University, the city school,  Beaconhouse , GSIS School & College, Shifa Medical College, STMU *Pick and drop available in very reasonable packages for Islamic, Fast, Al huda international, Ripha medical college, Air University, Bahria, Quaid e azam University.
Ziauddin University may start BS Software Engineering & BS Electrical Technology from this year.
Any seniors here who have done or studying MS(CNS). Kindly reply here i want to ask some questions.
So with aggregate 73.21% .. i was expecting merit position of 1000+ ...but BOOM!! 870 ..i had made up my mind of CS from ITU lahote , as it's near to where i live and nust has a huge expense including hostel fees and expenditures as compared to itu (almost 70k to 90k per semester)...convince me to do CS from nust and it's benifits in future...  So which one is better for CS ..nust or itu Also , if i want to go foreign for masters..which will u prefer?
Friend, how long will this second list be installed? üòíüòë
Civil engineering or Mechatronics engineering
Aoa  1182 civil mein possible hh  Aur mechanical EME mein Also drop your merit position if selected.
is there a possibility of getting a new merit number after the fist list? Also if for example bscs ka last merit number 2000 which means 2000 students can get in but if everybody wants to get in tou Nust has got 2000 seats for them?? its just a lil confusion.
Just received admission offer.  A question to seniors. How‚Äôs life at FAST islamabad. Tough?
Campus would be open tomorrow for Admission Application Processing
What about Cyber security? Is it worth at Fast or not?
Asa I applied for EE(1st Pref) and CS(2nd) in Karachi.. Got selected for EE  Q1) Can I change my field from EE to CS? Q2)I wanted to try out NED and NUST but there process will go till SEPT ; I wanted to Confirm Refund policy that If I pay now and decide to withdraw will I be refunded (100%) ?
FAST is conducting regular session of classes under the auspices of the most inspiring faculty. For details, visit www.nu.edu.pk or call 041-111-128-128
Are you a spirited participant in the 10th AHA Declamation Contest, eager to ascertain what the topics could be? With the clock constantly ticking, we are appro...aching the day you've all been anxiously waiting for; and now it's finally time to lift the veil off of the topics for the upcoming AHA Declamation Contest. Don't wait any further and go through the album to find a topic that captures your heart and the topic you believe will help you captivate the audience, for the one with influence will outshine all. ~AHADC'20
The heat wave has literally taken Karachi by the storm. However, we have you covered even in this scorching heat! Quench your thirst and feel your best with our Beverage Partners, Pakola! 
Want to be select bba in Karachi. What about financial aid scholarship??
only one person has got verified status for EME hostel UG list......so are they even going to allot hostels and when are they going to allot? APPROVE PLEASE....
Do Fast consider NTS marks only or percentile as well? I have 72 Marks with percentile 93% and in second attempt i scored 77 marks but percentile is 87%. On which one's base i should apply.Thanks your help.
Merafuture is looking for a Data Scientist/ AI Specialist for its Islamabad Office. Required Education: 16 Years of education in Computer Sciences or related disciplines Required Skills: Web deployable Python API programming skills Knowledge of web programming especially PHP... Required Experience: 1-2 Years  Location: Islamabad/Rawalpindi  The main responsibility of the AI specialist is to help company build innovative AI solutions for its products. He / She will be programming computers to test hypotheses in relation to how the human mind works, through cognitive simulation. The person will be required to analyse the gathered data in depth and develop efficient classification models so as to have a maximum predictability. 
New classes of O level starts from 15 july No registration fees Charges in group ... 1 subject   = Rs 5000 2 subjects = Rs 8000 3 subjects = Rs 10000 Online classes on zoom
Anyone knows the joining dates of MCE,Risalpur.
if any one want to join worldwide scholarship group. Inbox me your contact or comment your contact number. Thanks.
Physics 1st year notes for NET.....Hope they help you out ...
Do student of EME get the same treatment and opportunities as H-12 campus ?
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Bilal H.Qureshi
NUST postgraduate 1st merit list uploaded
Alhamdulliah got 87 aggregate and selected in CS & Data Science. Mera passion Data Science me hi so ab CS or Data Science ? Seniors please help me and mahol kidhr acha ho ga ?
My admission in NUST seems impossible this year. And, I'm willing to take NET 1 in December, Inshaa'Allah. I want to ask that which books should I study for maths and IQ.? Secondly, I've done FSc (Pre-medical),and am I only eligible to apply for S3H? Can't I apply for NBS?
i have merit position 9220 in engineering. Is there any chance to get admission in any field?
Anyone who can guide me, I have 101 merit position at USPCAS-E and also selected at UET for MS what should I do, I should secure admission or wait for USPCAS
AlhamduAllah selected ü•∞ MiNe Aggregate 91 Selected in Both Bs (CS) BS Accounting and finance Plz which field is best in Fast ?
Which is the best institute for preparation of entry test of nust in islamabad
Computer engineering merit is at 1870 in second list, do you think it can drop till 1970 as I have merit number 1967? Please help
Does anyone know about transport services(van) here at fast?
AoA, last Sunday I submitted my admission application for FAST-NUCES. I entered my phone number in personal information. But some days back my phone fell down and wasn"t starting and can't take out the SIM tray. Hopefully, I would be able to recover the SIM in a week or more(Corona outbreak in our region is so high now a days, so unsure about it).. The question is: Will I face any problem if I don't receive any message , like the one everyone got about application being accepted? And secondly, will we receive any Email from FAST-NUCES if we are selected?  PS I tried to edit my application(as there was an option) but was not able to change the phone number. Thankyou for co-operation in advance.
Colors of ITU from the second convocation ceremony!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
i got 1052 marks in matric but unfortunately got 357 marks in fsc pre engineering part 1... Ab ma bs mass communication krna chahta hn.. Kia kcii govt University ma admission possible h?
#SMBBMCL ENTRY TEST 1) Apne Sath Ye Cheeze Zaror Le Jaey. (i) Admit Card (Jin Ko Admit Card Nahe Mila Hai wo NTS Ke Website Se Apna Roll Number Slip Print Karwa K Le Jaye) (ii) Original CNIC (Original Lazmi Le Jaye, Original K Bagher Wo Test K Lye Bethne Nahe Denge, Agar CNIC Nahe Tu BFORM le jaye lekin Bform k sath ehtiat K Lye Matric Certificate or Inter Ke Marksheet Bhi Le Jaye) (iii) Pen... 2) Mobile or Calculator Allow Nahe Hai. 3) Test Main Negative Marking Bhi Hote Hai, Is Lye Kisi Bhi Option Per Tick Karne Se Pehle Achi Tarah Se Sochye. 4) 1 MCQ Galat Karne Per Apke 0.25 Marks Katenge, Means 4 MCQs Galat Karne Per 1 Sahe Answers Se 1 Mark Katega. ---------- Note :- Jin K 2 Roll Number SHow Ho Rahe Hai, Unko NTS Ke taraf Se Msg Agaya tha K Srf Ye Roll Number USe Kare, Dusra Ignore Karey, Tu Srif Wahe Roll Number Use kare, Jo NTS Ne Msg Me Bejha Hai. Agr Kisi Ko Aesa Msg Nahe Aya Hai, or Us K 2 Roll Numbers Show Ho Rahe Hai, tu Subah Test Me Bethne Se Pehle NTS Help Desk Se Rabta Karey, Wahan Unka Help Desk Laga Hota Hai. ======= Best of Luck
How would you rate following according to your experience?  CS , SE , DS
Can anyone tell me that my merit position is 475 can i get admission in bs accounting and finance
Anyone got admission in Biosciences in nust?
Any fast peshawar student CS  From bahawalpur? Or punjab?
Indus University Admissions Fall 2017 (BE,BS,BBA,B.Tec,Diploma)
Real estate developer requires an individual with a 3 year diploma, DAE Electrical or BS Electrical Engineering in lahore. He has to manage all the staff, generators, cctv, escalators, lifts, fire alarm system and hydrants. Good salary will be given. Relevant experienced persons will be preferred. Drop your CVs at "jobs.galleria1@gmail.com"
Induction Call for Short Movie and Animation c0mpetiti0n Team Deputy Head: Omair Younus Paracha Venue: R-109  - CS Block Date: 12th March, 2012 (Tuesday) Timings: 9:30 - 10:30
Admissions Open Fall 2020. Please click below or visit https://cms.bahria.edu.pk/Logins/Candidate/Login.aspx to apply.
It's your time to learn how to infuse IT with your field and prepare yourself for the future.
Does anyone know what‚Äôs the minimum requirement of A-Level result for an admission in FAST NUCES?
What about transportation system of FAST Islamabad campus?
Is GAT acceptable for adm in MS Engineering??
People who got selected in Software engineering mcs please drop your merit no
At AI Summit'19, Dr. Faisal Kamiran along with other industry experts will be exchanging ideas about how artificial intelligence, big data and new mobility systems can reshape the future.  AI Summit'19 will bring together entrepreneurs, product owners, experts, developers, academics, researchers and enthusiasts eager to make their mark in the fields of Big Data and AI. Attendees will get an invaluable opportunity to spruce their knowledge through productive brainstorming and will get to see the practical world of AI. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
Can any one tell me What is the Fee Structure of FAST NU ? (Program BSCS)
Which one has more scope and best bba or B's accounting and finance????
Merit No: 2140 MCS(Software or Electrical ) EME(computer) Any chance??
Iqra University Admissions Update (Doctor of physiotherapy)
How's fast peshawar for bscs? Please share your experiences as we live in karachi so we don't know about the environment and the basically campus life there. Hostel and curriculum?
ZIAUDDIN UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2018 (BScN, MScN, Post RN BScN, RN)
Salam all, hey friends, I have test for Masters in datascience tomorrow, due to freelancing, work, zada time nae Mila for practice, revision etc, anyone willing to join me for preparation tonight, like till 2,3 AM, my test is at 11:30 BTW,or if someone can just mention some resources that are enough for test preparation, I will be grateful.  Ping me if anyone is interested, thank you
 Eligibility  MA/Msc/BS in Psychology
It has been observed that some applicants have entered their obtained marks in the Maximum Marks field and maximum marks in the Marks Obtained field. Please revisit your application and confirm that you have entered your data correctly. In case of any issue, please email at info@pucit.edu.pk
Alhumdulilah got selected for BBA. üå∏ Merit No.201
any here who selected in MS SE ? when will be orientation day ?
Last date to apply in scholarship form?
Which is better Mechanical from nust Or mechanical from pieas
Exhausted from daily hectic schedules? Don't think, just register; the opportunity is unmissable and the door is wide open.
Kya NUST ma spring admissions hoty hy?¬ø
Visit of ICT Team in CFD campus!
Why can't select Test Session? I'm unable to schedule my test. Plss Help
Karachi University Admissions 2020 (Entry Test Based Programs)
My merit is 38. MS CHem any chance in 2nd list? And anyone here who has merit close to 38?
Is BSSE a recognized program From Fast??
How to select more  than one campus in FAST online registration.
So, all the unemployed PEC registered engineers, send your data either to both, the above mentioned e-mail id and the one given on the poster..
Cleared the admission dues on 23rd havent yet received the confirmation email. Did anyone recieve?
Does anybody know the closing merit position for BBA in first list?
I got in the first merit list of EE in SEECS aur paid my dues aur ab second merit list main bhi naam hai. Tou it just means kay im in EE right? Not anything like phirsay krna paray ga sab?
66.0625 aggregate on base of nu test Cs chances islamabad campus ??
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications.  Enroll now for online short course on Mobile Development (Android) offered by Syed Basit Ali Jafri.  See course content here: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/mobile-development-android/ Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Is there anyone selected for BBA (Islamabad) after announcement of second merit list? If so, what‚Äôs your aggregate?
Please any one guide me a mail has been send by fast peshawar campus
KARACHI UNIVERSITY Admissions Details  SELF FINANCE / DONOR Seats & Fee Structure
Hi everyone, anybody tells me when M phill english admissions will open. On the other hand which guide is so spectacular for entry test preparation.
When will the selection list be uploaded? Has anyone got a mail from nust?
Meet the faculty of Computer Science at ITU in the latest interactive session with Dr. Adnan Noor Mian (Dean, Faculty of Science) as the moderator and Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Chairperson, Department of Computer Science) as the guest speaker.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<<  ***** Important Notice for Hostel Allotment & Orientation****** Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! University of Engineering and Technology- UET (Taxila) has released an official notice on the Hostel allotment for both girls and boys as well as Orientation schedule.  Check out the blink display on the Home page of UET (Taxila) Online Admission Portal,  Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/index.php Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
3720 merit number, any chances in mcs or pnec???
Kiya ham discipline change kar sakte hain . I want to change it from BBA to Accounting and finance like is it possible now?
Does anyone know the closing merit for Architecture in the 2nd list, h12 campus?
Electrical engineering vs mechatronics engineering... Which is good kindly guide I am confused.
Did anyone get fee / documemt verification messege or any kind of receiving notification?
any idea when will cie alevels students receive their certificates/statements of results to apply for equivalence? i need it in order to apply for scholarship
In the world of today, data stands out as a driver of growth, change, and success for the companies of today. Deeply rooted in this philosophy, is qordata-- a d...ata analytics and integration firm that uses cutting-edge tools to help their partners in pharmaceutical, medical and biotech industries, make educated, data-based decisions. We are excited to announce them as our sponsors for Developers' Day 2019!
Anyone knows the closing merit of first list for architecture?
Written by Dean Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, Dr. Akmal Hussain, "Economics of unconventional warfare" opinion piece appeared earlier in The News.   Zaheer Sarwar‚Äã Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi‚Äã Aqib Saeed Mughal‚Äã  https://www.thenews.com.pk/‚Ä¶/473064-economics-of-unconventi‚Ä¶
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) Jin Bacho Ka 2nd List main Naam Upgrade Howa Hai wo Upgrade Hone Wali University Main Srf Previous Fees Ke Receipt Jama Kara...e Baqi Fees Transfer Ka Kaam Previous College Ka Hai. Agar New College Ke Fees Different Hai tu Wo Phir Apne Hisab Se Charge/Refund Karenge.
Fast ki 3rd merit list ka koi chance hai ya nhi ??
NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admission 2020  Updates on declaration of Merit Positions 2020 It is to be informed you that Merit Positions for NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admission 2020 will be declared on its website,very soon (i.e. tonight). So stay tuned with its website.  Looking forward for your future endeavors.
Hey guys,  My company is looking for a UI/UX Graphic Designer with awesome aesthetics.  If you think you have what it takes then email your CV and portfolio at sehrish.pesnani@dwizardz.com ASAP
Any one from Cyber security?
Our faculty of FAST School of Management is here to answer all your queries. Join us at Facebook live session on July 3, 2018.
Guys this is the screen of someone who has 90.805% aggregate (o/a levels student with 82.55% at olevels). He applied in BSCV, can anyone tell who got accepted and with what aggregate in BSCV? This guy just got his equivalence certificate (delayed due to covid, academic office told to submit a pdf stating calculated equivalence marks) and submitted it when the University sent him an email on August 3rd to send amd attach his documents with the reply to email. Do you think this is because of the late submission of documents?
How can I submit form of BS ( SE ) and how can i pay the challan of admission . Tomorrow uni of peshavr will be opened or closed pls guide me any one
Can someone please help me. I filled the admission form of FAST. The end step is "profile completed". Ive got the registeration no. as well.  The only step left is now financial aid  and i dont want it so is my form registered?
 Christine Corton along with Rafay Alam and Aalene Mahum Aneeq will talk about her book "London Fog" at the Thinkfest this weekend at Alhamra! #thinkfest https://www.facebook.com/events/1973587326275774/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
Due date of form submission against General reserved seats.
For  Bba Bs ACF Bs Economics Bs Pa... Bs mass com Bs psychology  LLb (hons).
Anyone selected in NBC quetta CS drop ur merit pLz
can anyone please send me the timetable of summer semester#17 courses ???  ? i needit
closing merit of bs economics in 2nd list?
Pu old campus vs new campus? And why
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Biology)
Developer Students Club- GCU proudly announces collaboration with UE IT Society for  info session on #CloudSeekho.  Register Here: http://bit.ly/dscgcu-seekho W...elcome to #CloudSeekho. You get an opportunity to self study Google Cloud Platform related tools and technologies starting with one-month free access to Qwiklabs and receive a cool swag pack depending on the number of quests you complete.
Any one get Admission Text From CASE Islamabad ??
‚ÄúThe life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams, but in active charity and in willing service.‚Äù ‚Äî Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
 Note : Fee Structure given in the picture is per credit hour.
IF YOU'RE APPLYING FOR BS CS (seecs) what's your aggregate?
BANG.....@@Its Electrical United. All the batches of FAST EE department are here!!. Get interacted with all ur engineers. Get help in all sorts of issues and have fun guyx..!! FAST-EE  What encouraged us to make this Group; 1: sharing of thoughts  2: interaction b/w freshmen,sophos,juniors nd seniors 3: United we stand Guys... 
EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified .NET Specialist Course and Certified PHP Web Application Development Course.
#DUHS Update For Merit No. 228 to Merit No. 800 For Self Finance Seats
my merit position is 682 and i gave my preference in economics and psychology. can i get my name in 1 merit list?
The most awaited event of the semester, Spotlight 2020, has been postponed. The event was supposed to be held on Thursday, 5th March 2020, but the outbreak of C...orona Virus has led to unplanned holidays.  Our event will be rescheduled and the new date will be announced soon! Keep following the page for further updates! #DECS2020 #postponed #coronavirus #StaySafe #Safetyfirst #Dramatics #Singing #livemusic #actingwars #art #Spotlight
any nearest girls hostel near fast campus Lahore?
229 merit number not selected in bba üòë
FAST-NU CFD Campus provides transport facility to students.
As the result of intermediate will be announced On 17 September by Government then why 16th is the date of result submission. Anyone knows what it is?? Fee Structure for Bachelors/Masters Programs & Diploma/Courses
How many merit lists nust has?  How many are this year? And how to view them? Anyone?
Requesting Seniors to Guide (approve): What are these 'Minors' What are credit hours What is literally everything
 ‚Ä¢ Contestants will be given snippets of code in C++.  ‚Ä¢ The code will have logical errors only. The contestants will be required to correct those errors.  ‚Ä¢ No compiler will be allowed.  ‚Ä¢ There will be a single round, 2-3 hours  long.  ‚Ä¢ The contestants will be graded according to the following criteria:                 correction of errors                  time taken to submit. ‚Ä¢ Team size: 1-2 members
Karachi University K Admission Forms Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 25th November tak Tausee kar De Gae hi.
Merit number 498. What are the chances for ACF. Acf ka closing merit 533 tha 2019 main. Is bar kya changes ayiengi?
FAST-NU CFD Campus offers BBA, BS(A&F), MBA, BSCS, MSCS, BSEE and MSEE
EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified Graphics and Web Designing Course and Certified Android App Development Course.
Mark Your Calendars! September 5th, 2020 is the day to for Walk-In Test/ Interviews. FAST-NUCES Chiniot Faisalabad Campus is seeking Lab Instructors with a passion for teaching and research. All interested candidates are encouraged to apply for the mentioned positions. #FASTNU #fasnucfdcampus #jobopportunity
My aggregate is 63.5%  My chances in different campuses?? Karachi  Islamabad
Drop ur merit  positions of Electrical engineering mcs ...
 Admission Forms Submission Date is extended upto 28th December, 2018.
Still facing problems in signing up ehsaas account what to do
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
QEC at ITU hosted a seminar on Mental Health Awareness today. 
Hye beautiful people I want some engergtic people who want to work from  ND change there life style without any Investment people who r interested let me knw
Still confused what CSA'19 is all about? Here you go! This is a brief overview of the program. The registrations are still open. Don't forget to register right now! Registration deadline: 25th September, 2019 Registration Link: https://nvc.com.pk/wp/csa-participants/
 ITU in collaboration with Prime Minister's Kamyab Jawan Program offers a range of courses. Brush up your skills and acquire new talents benefiting from FREE courses now!   Follow these easy steps to register now for Hunarmand Pakistan program under the auspices of Prime Minister's Kamyab Jawan Program. ... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
I want information regarding MBA. Do FASt offer MBA in morning or evening? Plus how many days in a week clases are there ? Normally timings of a day??
One-Off Studios is a PR & marketing agency working towards elevating customer experiences for its clients around the globe. If you‚Äôre interested to grow with us; apply away on the position that suits you best! Job Code: DS1b Prerequisites: CRM, AdWords, PPC Management, Branding, SEO *Salaries will be communicated to shortlisted candidates.
Is computer science is good in Islamabad or other campuses
Hostel allotment has started. Those who have got it, what is the next procedure
Guys you have to wait ... Sabr... There are thousands applicants this year and all are trying to open website at same time. Website is down due to extra traffic. üòä
The moment of truth is here. Registrations of NU FEST are now live! Literary, dramatics, or sports, whatever you may excel at, your skills will be celebrated he...re. A chance for you to pit yourself against the best in the region and prove yourself to the masses. We are flooded with euphoria and cannot wait to welcome you all at this extravaganza!  Paving new roads #GloryAwaits
Fast Isl men classes 31aug se hen? And online hen ya normal routine?
Got selected in software engineering at MCS  But i wanted in CS My merit position is 1301  Should i deposit fee and expect my name in later lists?? Or there isn,t any chance???
ITU now offering BS Computer Engineering! Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Hello people i am a student of alevels and want to give NET( for engineering) in December but i haven't started any preparation yet. Can someone guide me about how to prepare for NET in the remaining time and get 150+ score.
JSMU (Pharm-D) Oreintation Day Update
KIPS G10 Islamabad campus sy say Apni Baitiyo ko Door raka jayi Is msg ko pori G10 k logo ko pohnchawo plzzz msg k Mokhtalif Groups mai post karo Sadqa e Jariya Mai Hisa lelo
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Happiness, as a human pursuit, is ingrained in our actions for as long as we, as a species, can have lived. Over the last decade only researchers like Martine Seligman (Authentic Happiness, 1991), Daniel Gilbert (Stumbling On Happiness, 2006), Sonja Lyubomirsky (The How of Happiness, 2007), Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi (Flow, 1990) and other positive psychologists have taken this concept into the realm of scientific research in hopes of gaining a better understanding of overall, global well-being and meaningful living. This course is designed to teach you techniques of mindfulness and the science of happiness.    Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
Friends, is there any process of migration from one campus of fast to another campus? I mean, if you clear 2, 3 semester in fast and then there is migration till Lahore or Peshawar?
 Do you want to be a part of our fem...ale-powered community of freelancers where we provide you with work that you can complete according to your own schedule at the location most convenient for you?  
What they said about llb? Lat result not announced
If you are applying for civil what's your aggregate 
Aoa,what's the process for appearing in special exams? Board website pe undertaking mentioned hai, but form nai hai koi? Faisalabad board, Can someone explain, also part 1 exams bhi nai mentioned? I am an additional maths student
Anyone from BS AI?
how to prepare fast nu test...plz guide......
Expected merit of Software h12
Is the uni offering MBA or BBA?
What is the last selection merit number in second list for industrial design?
 This is not a work from home opportunity. This is an office based internship.
Closing merit of BS Economics in 3rd list? Has anyone any idea?
Aoa, everyone.. Please suggest some good hostels or apartments for girls near NUST.    Thankyou
Anyone who can guide regarding this issue ?? But i have already reveived the email about the offered courses and  last date (28Aug) for the registration of courses. , The classes will be started from tomorrow 3st Aug.
Is civil a good option for girls ? How many girls are coming to civil this yer at H-12? (My czn said me to write this post for her )
method to apply NET 1
Can anyone please let me know what is the program code# of: industrial and manufacturing engineering (PNEC)?
The short notes on a new chapter "Analysis of Financial Statements" is uploaded at Finance Academy. This short video will give you an overview on topics covered... in short notes. To read full chapter short notes please visit Finance Academy at www.wssmeu.com !!!! LIKE & SHARE this page to get more updates related to NEWS & ACADEMIC MATERIAL on FINANCE....!!!!! Thanks in anticipation.....!!!!!! http://wssmeu.com/‚Ä¶/fm-by-va‚Ä¶/financial-statements-analysis/
merit position 4477 any chance in LLb?
My brother had 774 merit position. Not selected for BSCS.  What are the chances of getting admission in BSCS in the coming merit lists.? I was really hoping he would get admission in the first merit list.  Is the merit higher this time?
Sindh Medical Colleges Admissions 2018-19 (MBBS & BDS) Forms will be available in following TCS centres  (Go to this Link for PDF file if TCS centres are not clear in picture... http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/‚Ä¶/JSMU%20Advertise%20for%20Admission‚Ä¶) Last Date of Forms Submission = 09th October, 2018. Entry Test Date = 28th October, 2018. You will have to submit following forms  1) NTS form (which will be available on NTS website) 2) Online Application Form (On JSMU & LUMHS websites) 3) Hard Copy Application Form  Form Price Application form with prospectus = 1000 TCS service charges = 100
Merit no. 722  Any chance in BS chemistry ?
Jb se classes start hoe ha 2015, ja ktna ktna para dia hoga???,  I am 10 days lateee
Iqra University Admission Updates
We, at ITU, welcome Dr. Rehan Ahmed as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Engineering. Dr. Ahmed has a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from University of Wisconsin-Madison. He completed his Postdoctoral Research from Computer Engineering and Networks Laboratory, ETH Z¬®urich. Previously he had done MS Electrical Engineering from University of Wisconsin-Madison.  He brings with him a rich experience in teaching and research. He has worked as an Assistant Profe...ssor, Faculty of Electrical Engineering at the GIK Institute. He taught the courses: Electrical Network Analysis and Linear Circuit Analysis. He is also continuing collaborative research with ETH Z¬®urich and in the process of establishing new research collaborations in Pakistan. He has also supervised Ph.D. students. Dr. Ahmed has also published extensively in various international journals and conferences.  We wish him the best and welcome him at Information Technology University.  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Mariyam Zahid
- BS/BBA Admission 2014 Results will be declared on 19     July 2014 at 11:00 PM
I have an aggregate of 90.2(according to new policy) can I get admission at fast?
Those of you who applied on SAT based Admission,can you drop your aggregate and priority Major? When is SAT Based Merit List expected and when are we supposed to fill the hostel form?
If you have registered for ECAT online then you have to print our admit card. You can print your Admit card till Tomorrow and don't forget to do it.  Share it w...ith your friends so they can do it too. . . . . . Like share & Comment . . . Follow us for more updates and you can ask us your queries too. . . . Regards : Team Edu-Catalyst
Knock!!! Knock!!! Anyone from MS Applied Linguists?
AIChE GIK Student Chapter presents the selected Ambassadors for Chembuzz'19. Congratulations to the selected ambassadors!
What should I select for MSCS Program...? FAST Lahore(Admission Confirmed) or Comsats Lahore(Shortlisted) Tomorrow is the deadline for FAST, so kindly share your experience related to fee and scope as well...
We on behalf of NED university Electronic Department feel privileged and esteemed to unveil the date and venue for the most incredible and exciting event in tow...n with high-end quality of academics and learning experience in the most affordable fees! Bigger and better than ever before.  So don't miss the chance and mark the date as #SpecIsBack  #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics Stay Tuned for more updates,  registrations will be live soon!
Does anyone have the Lahore to Islamabad Campus change form for FAST as I am eligible in Islamabad
AoA, My merit number in engineering is 1067, I got accepted into MCS Software engineering and have also submitted the fees. However I want to go to Seecs for Computer science. My first preference was Software from Seecs Second was CS from Seecs and third was Software from MCS. Should I change my preferences so that CS is 1st preference by paying 1000fees or do I have a chance to get in?
My Aggregate is 65+ Chances for CS in Fast Islamabad?
Salam Anyone here who can guide me about NU test for MS CS?? And tell me if its a good option for MS CS....
Anyone who got Admission in Bs Artificial Intelligence?  Kindly drop your merit number.
Asslam o Alaikum If anyone knows about the merit formula of MS Health-care Biotechnology in NUST or last year closing merit kindly let me know..
Enrollment is open for an exciting range of short courses being offered by Professional Development Center at ITU.  Join us for Professional Blogging and Content Writing course by Alina Shahid. Alina Shahid is an Online Influencer and a seasoned Fashion Journalist. Her interest in developing digital content and social media management stems from experiences running her own personal blog called, The Style Journal - a personal blog on Instagram, founded in 2014. The first magaz...ine-formatted Pakistani fashion instablog, has since been promoting premium brands, high-profile celebrities, media personalities and has successfully attained a huge, organic following. Content is featured in the form of live coverage of events, newbytes, product and food reviews and trend reports. The mission is to provide original and selective content with an effective yet responsible manner of online reporting Prior to managung her blog, she worked in PR and represented some major clients in the industry.  It is this experience which Alina channels into her work, ensuring that content is engaging, informative and entertaining. In this course, participants would be able to cover topics including: ‚Ä¢ Why you should blog? ‚Ä¢ The role of blogs in digital marketing ‚Ä¢ Blogging goals ‚Ä¢ How to create effective content ‚Ä¢ SEO Basics ‚Ä¢ How to pitch to marketers/publicists for sponsored    collaborations
Bssec fall in computing or in engineering program?
 Anyone plz guide me Which is the best UNiversity for BSCS with low fee High Study Quality Many Scholarships giving: PUCIT
Closing merit of chemical engineering in the 4th list? Does anyone know?
 I applied this year in Tampere University, Finland, with the following profile and got full tuition fee waiver and due to lack of funds for living, I defer it to next year. BSCS 3.23 CGPA, ...
Fast Islamabad ki Electrical engineering kesi hai, Pakistan ki konsi engg University (EE) ke equal standard rakhti hai (EE).
MS Merit list has been deleted from website. Any idea when will university upload correct merit list?
Public Administration 3rd list Anybody got selected drop your merit number
961 marks in matric .. 461 marks in 1st year.. currently 2nd year.. what score is required in fast test or NAT test for getting admission in cs
Anyone selected in the BBA in the second list ?????
1st Merit List has been uploaded on our website, 
Fast ki apni transport hai??Fast has its own transport??
Which is best for net preparation step by pgc or kips?
What is this behaviour? In first list it was 523
Will classes be online until 15 sep or on campus?
Expected upload date for the 3rd merit list?
Which is better regarding scope job oppurunities and salary ? 
I have got admission in uet texila for machaincal engineering Kia mjy is saal jana chaiay ya next year mehnat kr k nust Jana  chaiay üôÑüôÑüôÑ Syed Aoon Haider Bhai ap b btana zraüôÑüòÖ
As we have received the multiple queries in our inbox section on NUST Allocation of Merit Positions and Merit selection List for undergraduate Admission 2020 so we're trying our best to sum up all the queries answered in a row. (In Sha Allah) Q: As NET-III is over now what will the admission phases to be up next? Now, firstly NUST will allocate all the candidates with their merit positions on the basis of the NUST aggregate followed by NET best scores. Once the candidates wil...l be assigned their merit positions they will be allowed to edit their preference list accordingly. Furthermore, when the merit position would be declared along with it there will be closing merits for the previous year (i.e. 2019) in all the offered disciplines through which anyone can predict one's position where the particular stands with. There will be individual closing merits for engineering, social sciences, natural sciences, agriculture, business and applied sciences. Option to edit the preference will remain probably for one week after then 1st Merit List will be declared. We are suggesting all the candidates to be selected in 1st merit list to apply for the hostel facility at its earlier because vacancy will be filled as if it never comes up. In NUST (Main campus, H-12 Islamabad), hostel facility is based on 'first come, first reserved'. Furthermore, mostly candidates bearing the appreciable aggregates along with any particular disciplines. For the campuses other than head campus (NUST H-12 Islamabad) hostel facility wont be challenging or hard.  Q: Which NET marks will be considered for the admission aggregate? NUST allows the candidates to appear more than once in any of its NET series and the best marks to be attained by candidates are considered for the admission aggregates. #Note:  1) Candidates mentioning their inter part-I marks will be required to fill out an undertaking form after selection as if they fail to fulfill the particular score target in inter Part-II result the admission will be cancelled after then (if admitted any). 2) Repeaters are required to mention their Fsc whole marks in admission application for aggregate calculation. Q: Can we edit the admission application thoroughly regardless of preference edit? Yes, candidates will be allowed to edit their application on login into NUST Account with your password and registered email once the merit position will be allocated and the option will remain open for almost one week. (In Sha Allah) Q: When will the merit positions will be declared this year? Probably, merit positions for NUST Undergraduate Admission 2020 will be declared within a week after 15th September 2020. (In Sha Allah). 1st Merit Selection list will be announced after one week then.
As I mentioned earlier, FAST-NU never disclose its merit or merit list publically. If you are eligible to get admission via 2nd/3rd list, you will get Email/SMS from FAST-NU. Now please stop asking and posting about 2nd merit list.
Is there any advice you (seniors) can give to students who are about to join NUCES for EE? especially Karachi campus.
82.7 aggregate any chance in SE in 3rd merit list ISL campus? Kindly tell me
71.54 % can I get admission in fast isb in  CS SE AI EE
wht is the eligibility criteria for Bs(cs)?
Metallurgy/material engineering from PIEAS  VS Aerospace engineering from IST which is better option?
What about merit numbers?
pls let me know.  My first preference is CS, but my merit number is not too good. Even if I get selected, it will be in the last list. As of now, I am selected in Computer Engineering. Whereas my second preference in Bs. Psychology, in which I have been selected.  I want to freeze my psychology seat until I am sure of whether I got into CS or not. Kahan ki fees jama karwaoo? Agar psychology ki karwai, to kya will I be able to go to CS when my name comes in later lists?  Ya comp engineering ki karwna lazmi hai, so that I can be considered for upcoming lists? Pls help. Give me a solution in which my psychology seat remains safe until the last lists, and then if I get into CS, I can shift .
My marks for social science is 58 is there any chances for Addmission in LLB?
Anyone selected in MS AI?
My merit position is 682, i havent selected in 2 list, is there any chances of getting my name in 3 list of psychology?
I have done DAE electrical and want to BS electronic engineering but my family cant support me. Now im thinking to have a part Time job. A job with which i could continue my engineering tomorrow and with the help of that job i bear the fee and accommodation so u guys plzz give me suggestions with this regard i will be thankful to all of them
When will we receive email regarding course selection?
Can I change my preference list now??? And secondly anyone knows what's the closing position for SE mcs??
379 merit position BBA ??
Olevels 70% and 138 in net? What are the chances of getting into Nbs? And in which merit list? Or should I go with psychology?
For those students who got Admission in FAST Karachi campus kindly comment your discipline. Thanks.
Any board topper in this group who got Fast merit scholarship?
How's th'e faculty and environment of FAST-Peshawar?
How can I get in contact with the BOYS hostels near fast peshawar? Affordable options please.
 These open-source controllers ope...ns a whole new world to create interesting hardware scenarios.
Bs it in uetLhr or taxila ma admissionk ley ecat mandatory ha yanae
Does anyone from 17' batch EE wants to migrate to Fsd campus?
I need Help From Senior  I Want To Do BBA  I have Choices FAST OR BZU MULTAN  plz Help ke to take admission
I have done ICS stats , can I apply for bscs program or software engineering if also give additional physics ? And what if I come on merit ? Will I still have to give the exam or its just oky with stats
70% aggregate Any chances In Bscs in Islamabad Campus?
Aggregate 76.1 no 492 Any chances in SEECS in 1st list ?
Hi plz tell me books for bba of FAST isb
Aoa Can anyone tell me which laptop with what specs are required for university?  I am selected for Mechanical Engineering in UET lhr And I'm a day scholar.  I  also have a pc at home with ...     8 GB RAM     2 GB graphic card      Core xenon      2 TB Storage  Price range in 50-70 K
 Few Seats of BDS Self Finance
Last date to apply for admission 
Whats the closing merit for CS first list?
Please suggest in accordance with future of degree
What is the process for swapping with somebody from lahore to faislabad if both students have agreed?
 Morning Fee = 27,000 per semester Evening Fee = 54000 per semester Doctor of Physical Therapy  Closing % = 78.18% Fee = 90,000 per semester
if you have any queries related to any field its scope or you want to know which field is best in pakistan comment or inbox me
CSE(MCS) 2020 batch selected candidates drop a comment..
 Sample Test Paper for Admissions in Masters Programs
A.o.a What is pay package for computer lab assistant at fast uni ?
The second merit list for BBA has been uploaded?
Any chance is BS economics?
Masters students can also take minor in UG course or no?
Has anyone got admission in BS Cybersecurity?
BS cyber security from Fast Isb or Bs Cs from Fast peshawer
Se h12 selected people please drop your merit no.
I passed pre medical. I was going to take additional math exams this year but the exams are canceled But now i want to take admission in Bscs which uni allow me to take
Asalamu alykum which branch of fast had the highest merit this year for ms cs?
Is Bs business accounting and finance from GCUL a good option as I couldnt manag to get into the Nust.....
Anyone from bscs dept isl?I want to take some info plzz
 Any chances in CS oe Software Engineering???  and how many numers required in fast test to get admission?
MERIT NUMBER 1121 Any chances for CS or CHEMICAL or ELECTRICAL or EME?
Here is the online registration form for FAST Sports Gala 13.
Does fast deduct aggregate for year gap in undergraduate?
Dow university of Health Sciences Admissions 2017-18 (BS Nursing, Post RN) Last Date = 11th September Test Date = 24th September.
NUST UG + PG Merit lists Expected in between 18 to 20 Sep. Source: NUST Student Help Center
Anyone from fast. Basically for registering course on flex, one course says that seats are full so not registered. But it‚Äôs a mandatory course so what can be done?
Guys those who are selected for NNBS you have to apply for ehsas scholarship to avail NNBS. Those who had already applied now just submit the desired documents.
Universities Admissions Updates
Descon internship program at Head Office-Lahore
Will there be proper orientation or just form checking and registration? Kindly reply.
A.o.A!  I've done BS electrical engineering from comsats and now I've applied for MS in { 1)AI 2)Data science 3)Computer Network security } in FAST. I need some guidance.  1) AI and Data Science k liye 1 he test ho ga  aur Computer Network Security ka seperate test ho ga toh test pattern kya ho ga? GAT ki trah ho ga ya different? Donu tests main kya difference ho ga?  2)Test main kitny marks required han to secure admission in MS? My CGPA is 2.7.  3) What is fee structure for MS in these programs?
got admission in fast nu islamabad in bs ds successfuly but now hostel is biggest issue.Any senior suggestion please!
Drop your merit position of CS in 2nd list merit. I want to check closing merit. Mine 773 and yet not selected.
Any one who knows MS-CNS classes timing ??
Assalamualaikum Friends.. I have been admitted to fast university chiniot campus. I have a question about the university. Is Saturday off in the university or are there classes on Saturday too??
Assalam-o-Alaikum! All Brothers, Sisters, Seniors & Juniors of all departments of NUST. (Please help us...... We really need your help and kind support) All of you understand and feel, how much it is difficult to prepare for NETs. Students spend their precious time and money, just to take admission in NUST. Even, some students waste their 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST.  Now, if someone is get selected in LL.B and doesn't have LAT Score, is it fair to drop him/her for not having LAT score, even he/she has already wasted his/her 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST? If he/she has worked hard and has got 130+ score. Is it justice to ignore their NET score just for LAT? I'm more than hopeful, all of you will understand our problem. We've already wasted our 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST. Please help us and save our golden years. Email Address(s) studenthelpdesk@nust.edu.pk ugadmissions@nust.edu.pk satadmissions@nust.edu.pk naukhez.sarwar@nbs.nust.edu.pk prog.coord@nbs.nust.edu.pk ahkhan@s3h.nust.edu.pk I'm writing this email to make a request to you. It's humble request to you, please allow the students to take admission in LLB program on provisional basis (without LAT). Please allow the selected candidates to appear in next LAT and ask them to submit 50% LAT score. In case, if they succeed to secure more than or equal to 50% LAT score, then let them to continue their studies. In other case, if they get less than 50% LAT score, drop them immediately. And, judicial paper should be used for this purpose.
What are the  requriements to take admission in computer science department for international students. How much SAT score needed? If anyone has information regarding admission for  international student .plz let me know.
Anyone who can help my regarding entry test?
what will be the expected aggregate required for BS in Cyber Security this year in FAST ISB campus?
Hi guys m selected for BSAF and BS Electrical Engineering in which feild I would get admission???üòèüòèüòè
Can someone tell me if i can apply to any other campus?  My aggregate was 86.65% still couldn‚Äôt qualify to Islamabad. Please guide me if i can still choose any other campus?
Last date to apply is Sunday, May 24.
Asalamoalikum guys  Anyone selected in first list in EME from Mianwali?
Admission date SAT 1 SAT 2 , NTS , FAST.NU test .....
How to calculate aggregate for bs chemistry or physics if i had given engeenering test is there any specific criteria?
my merit position is 1150 in social sciences? Do i have any chance in mass com. And my net score was 131
i received email of conditional admission in fast peshwar campus bscs .....fast peshwar campus kesa ha seniors se guzarish ha apne  raye ka izhar karien?
FAST also have PhD Electrical Engineering program..
Who is selected in civil engineering (SCEE) Islamabad in 4th list? Admin approve this post plzzz.
Those of u who got admission into bs maths or physics in the 3 rd list drop your merit positions plz. Even if u don't intend to go there
Institute of Health Management (IHM) Dow University of Health Sciences (DUHS) Admissions 2017 Last Date of Forms Submissions is 6th January 2017. Entry Test Date is 15th January.
Matric = 89% Fsc Part 1 = 79% NAT = 72/100  Any chances in cs department in fall 2020 in fast islamabad
My aggregate 74.69%. Any chances to get in s3H. Its the best department of nust i guess. Can someone guide me about s3h. And will i get campus hostels with this agg?
Hllo everyone . My merit in fast nu is 62  is there any chance in 2nd merit list...cs
Enroll now for an exciting short course on Web Development offered by Professional Development Center to be taught by Mr. Zain Mehmood. In this course you will learn to develop interactive and responsive websites. It includes HTML5 and CSS3 for creating beautiful web pages. BootStrap for developing responsive and elegant websites and Angular Js to develop front-end client application and a back-end service built with Rest API. Instructor: Zain Mehmood... He is a web administrator at ITU. He holds a BS(Hons) degree in Computer Science. He has previously worked as a Software Engineer at NextBridge Pvt Ltd. He has a hands on experience of over 8 years of PHP, Databases, Angular JS, jQuery and CSS and various web application frameworks i.e Yii, CodeIgniter and Content Management Systems such as WordPress, Magento 1 & 2.0. Sign up for these distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ #webdevelopment #onlinecourse #distancelearning #php #databases #angularJS #CSS Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Zain Mehmood
Should i write here name of program i am selected in i.e bs economics my 2nd prefrence or should i write my 1st preference bba for upgradation in 2nd selection list
How many people here are in ms ds isb campus. Do you have any prerequisite issue? I hv some issue related to pre requisite, but dont knowhow to sort out
Anyone plzz Cnfrm Is This university offering the Course of M.A English? ??
My aggregate is 48.5. I have applied for BBA. So, all those guys who have been selected. Can you tell me what is your aggregate?
Is there any possibility to change program?
We are looking for junior resource who had knowledge of SEO and Social Media Marketing.  KP
A girl needs financial help in paying university fee those who want to help kindly inbox me
We have been getting a lot of queries regarding FAST Admission 2020. Here are 11 things that you need to know when you start applying for FAST - National Univer...sity of Computer and Emerging Sciences. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Which field is better 
Mce risalpur 2nd list closing merit?
Anyone selected in Nust Eme clg drop ir merit position here
Merit position 476 chances in bba?
When NUST 2nd merit list will be presented?
Matric=969/1050(federal) Fsc part1=429/520(federal) Nts=69 Bscs chances in fast isb?
Dear all now you can change your preferences just login to your Nust account
Anyone got admission in MS(CS) ???
When are the next master's admissions going to be held ?
Guys who have applied for hostel in eme get ready to pay 80k . Hostel status is being verified.
How can we apply for changing Hostels?
When 1st UG Merit list is out! 
958/1100 in matric, 841/1100 in fsc, any chance in FAST BS(CS)?
Karachi University Enrollment Update 
How's the MS Data Science faculty of FAST Islamabad? Can I continue my Job with MS Data Science?
Merit positions are now allocated  can someone guide me on how to check if I am selected or not?
U can check your merit from here: 
Karachi University Admit Cards Update  1) Ek Admit Card is link per aya he jo k Test K Lye Compulsory Hai ... (Uokadmission.edu.pk/admission/morning/bachelor/admit-card)  Agar Kisi Ka Admit Card Yahan pe Show Nahe Ho Raha hai tu Apna Form Khole Wahan Right Side Per ADMIT CARD Ka Option Hoga. 2) NTS Slip  Ehtiat K Lye Iska Print Bhi Le Jaye Bachelors wale is link se download karey (http://www.nts.org.pk/‚Ä¶/UniOfKarachiBS_28Nov18_FL/Search.php) Or Masters Wale Is Link Se (http://www.nts.org.pk/‚Ä¶/UniOfKarachiMS_28Nov18_FL/Search.php)
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering a short course on ‚ÄòMicrosoft Excel: Essentials for Business Analysis‚Äô to be taught by Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam.  Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam holds Master‚Äôs degree (MS.c-Business Analytics) from Imperial College London (2016-2017) before which he was at LUMS where he completed his undergraduate honors degree (B.Sc. Honors Accounting and Finance). Please visit our website for registration and further details: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Mr Junaid Jamshed during his special lecture in CFD campus
Discrete isn't being offered this semester? >.>
 Guys, the dynamics of admissions have changed this year and aggregate will be computed without Entry Test this time due to which comparing Aggregate of this year with those in the past is completely wrong. I totally agree that you want to know before hand that whether there is a chance for you to get admission in XYZ Campus of FAST with your XYZ Aggregate but ...that isn't possible in this year.
We don't just set precise and unerring titles for our final year students, we also bring to you some talented and emerging artists live! Bringing forward Shaher...yar Rehan, a young and talented emerging artist performing live at the Annual Dinner '18! There's barely any time left to postpone it to the last moment, hurry up and purchase your tickets to testify about an event filled with true talent and a bucket full of amusement at your service!
 I am Zain Farooq and I belong from BBA Batch 13 Fast School of Management FSD Campus. It's not just a campus, it's a family. The best thing about FAST family is, they are very friendly, helpful and supportive. What I'm today is just because of this very institute. Fast has the best learning environment. Fast gives plenty of opportunities &amp; platform to the students to reshape their inner... skills. Fast gave me full confidence and a clear path to achieve my goals. Fast provides a professional platform for their students to gain experience and groom themselves according to the market need. I want to say Thank you to the faculty of Fast School of Management which plays an important role in grooming myself. They always available to help me and guide me in every aspect. Teachers are so friendly, cooperative and energetic. Right after my graduation, I have been hired as a GTO (Graduate Trainee Officer) in a well-known Multinational telecommunication organization (China Mobile Pakistan) which is called Zong-4G in Pakistan and after one year Zong-4G hired me as a permanent employee in the company and now currently working on a position of Regional Senior Officer Sales Operations in Sales & Distribution Department. Thank You FAST
I've cheated my way to 12th grade in math, but it's my deepest regret, I'm giving up on my dreams, i wanted to get admission in a good CS university in Pakistan, but unfortunately my math basic is weak, and I've just started taking 12th grade course I'm so bad i even suck at the basic fraction numbers, i need help.
Dear All There would be no classes in FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus tomorrow whereas campus would remain open. University Transport would not operate tomorrow.  Classes and Exams scheduled on Saturday would be held as per schedule.
People going for EE SEECS please enter your Merit position
Federal Urdu University (FUUAST) Admissions 2017 ========= Fee Structure FOr Bachelor Programs (Morning)
Girls hostel  near G-10 /1 G-10/2 I-9/1 Facilities 3 days free residential WiFi Study room... Quality food Attached washrooms Separate kitchen for student cooking Geyser 24 hour Hygienic and healthy meals Gym in hostel Free pick and drop
Ziuaddin University Admissions 2017-18 =========== BS Nursing Post RN BSN MS Nursing... Diploma in Nursing Diploma in Midwifery
Dow BS Nursing Entry Test Result
This is to inform that Students can apply on both i.e NTS and FAST-NU admission Test. You will have to register differently for both and should have two ARNS. Best of Luck
A little information required. Does FAST submit our original FSC and Matric certificates at the time of admission? Can't we hand them attested copies instead? Thanks
Any info about MS test results and merit list?
Does results have been announced?
Is there anyone who can give me some information about financial aid in FAST NUCES islamabad??
Habib University provides full Scholarships for Undergraduate Programs
#FAST_Merit_List 2 hour Remaining  Who‚Äôs WAITINGüòÆüòÆ
Faculty of Business and Management earlier hosted a guest lecture by Mr. Syed Aftab Gilani for the ongoing course on ‚ÄòIndustrial Relations‚Äô being taught by Ms. Anam Rahman Khan.  Mr. Gilani is currently working as Joint Director at Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). In the past, he has also worked as Principal Staff Officer to Advisor to the PM.   During his lecture, he talked about CAA; PIA trade unions and their impact on Pakistan‚Äôs aviation sector; and the state of economy in general.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/anam-rahman-khan/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
 1..bscs from PIEAS 2.. Computer engg from EME
 Degree Programmes at FAST-NU CFD Campus: BBA, BS(A&F), MBA, BS(CS), MS(CS), BS(EE), MS(EE)
Guys need a bit help. What is the procedure of being considered for other fields. Is there any form for change of preference to be sent?
Awareness session for the Presidential Initiative for Artificial Intelligence & Computing (PIAIC)
What could be the minimum CGPA possibility for MS-SE admission in ISB campus? I know a 2.0er can apply but chances for admission are very less for a 2.0er.
We help you take your IELTS band to the next level by guiding you exactly how an IELTS examiner marks your writing and speaking tests.
Anyone who got hostel confirmation  from mcs nust?
 Internships will also be offered to selected candidates and we also consider him for available and upcoming jobs. With respect to receiving number of registrations final date of Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification Courses extended to 23rd September, 2019 at NUCES FAST University, Islamabad.Classes will start from 23rd September, 2019. Professional Certification Courses which will... going to be offered are as: CCNA (Routing & Switching) Course Duration (3 Months) CCNA (Cyber Security Operations) Course Duration (1.5 Months) CCNA (Security) Course Duration (1.5 Months) IT Essentials Course Duration (1.5 Months) MTA ((Microsoft Technology Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solution Expert) Course Duration (2 Months) Eligibility Criteria : Any Student of NUCES FAST or outside with basic IT Knowledge. Real Time practical experience on fully equipped Cisco, Microsoft Labs. Course design accordingly to International Standards from Microsoft & Cisco. Cisco & Microsoft Qualified trained instructors. Exciting Career in IT, Network & Systems using Online Cisco Talent Bridge Matching Engine. Life Time access on Cisco online portal. Online exam of each Chapters & Module from on Cisco online Portal. Original letter from Chairman & Chief Executive Officer on Course completion for Cisco Courses. Industrial Certification 60% discount voucher for Cisco Industrial Certification. Limited Internship opportunity after course completion. Special discount for (early birds, already enroll students in CCNA Course or if student enroll more than one course at a time, NUCES FAST Employees & Group of more than 4 students). On Campus, Online or One to One priority training Class facility available for students. Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student‚Äôs availability. NUCES FAST, IT Server Room, A.K. Brohi Road, H-11/4, Islamabad"
What was the closing merit of bs cs in fast isb last year??
Lets hear it from our MS Electrical Engineering alumnus Mr. Khalid Hussain about his experience at FAST Faisalabad campus. I Khalid Hussain currently doing PhD from Universiti Putra Malaysia (UPM), Malaysia on fully funded Scholarship by the Higher Education Commission (HEC) of Pakistan. I did Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from FAST National University Chiniot Faisalabad Campus. FAST National University is one of the emerging institute in Pakistan which enables ...the students to solve the real world problems with the sound scientific and technological skills in the domain of computer science, engineering and management sciences. FAST considers the latest trends and upcoming challenges of IT while teaching students. Overall the environment for student at the university is supportive and learning. The University has lot of resources for the grooming of students including co-curriculum activities and extracurricular activities.
What about doing civil engineering from NUST Risalpur? Serious suggestions plz
What is my registration number, the roll number on selection form or cms id?
Asalam o alaikum frnz. Anyone out there from NUST who is taking interest free loan from ihsaan Trust? I need some assistance
Merit position:1680  Chances in ME and EE EME?  If there are chances, for how many lists should i wait?
Do  i have to give fast entry test if i give nts..
Any one slected in LL.B please drop your merit number in comment...?
Who's watching IT Chapter Two tonight?
How many if you applied for BS Data Science girlsand boys? Comment your marks
I am very confused and worried, my merit position is 770 in business, will I get an admission in PA or any Social sciences field?
Welcoming the Batch of 2019 tomorrow at FAST CFD campus!
Fast or comsats Which is better for Electrical Engineering?
What will be the expected merit for Nust H-12 campus for Environmental Engineering?
 can anyone guide me merit positions for bio-sciences has been uploaded or not ? bcuz i applied for bio-sciences and it is showing me only merit number for chemistry not for bio-sciences what to do now??
Merit Number : 692.  Haven‚Äôt been selected in second merit list for any discipline.  What are the chances for 3rd list for mass comm? Closing merit for Mass comm first list (617)... I have emailed nust about second merit list closing numbers as well. EDIT : 2nd list closed at 652 EDIT 2 : Not selected in 3rd merit list as well
Assalam-o-Alaikum It‚Äôs generally for everyone but CS and SE people must give it a read. I‚Äôm from CS Batch 2k19 and there was something bothering me about the current merit of CS and SE so I decided to write this here. Y‚Äôall might be aware of the fact that CS and SE merit has been getting higher for the past 3 years or so. I thought it would probably be capped with our batch but I was wrong. Be honest, most of you did not come here because CS was your field of choice. Let‚Äôs be... even more honest, most of you had no Idea what field to choose. But most of you chose CS/SE because someone related to you or your relatives/parents told you or them ‚ÄúCS mE bOhuT sCopE h bAcHa Cs mE jAo‚Äù while they or you don‚Äôt know the first thing about the said Field of Study. The reason is simple. They saw the merit getting higher and they recommended it, usually saying something along the line ‚ÄúbEta cOmPuteR kA zAmAna h‚Äù Have you, even for a second, bothered to think why the merit is getting higher? It‚Äôs because more and more people are applying for this field. Familiar with the concept of supply and demand? You are supposed to supply to the market what‚Äôs in demand. If the supply exceeds the demand it goes to waste. Same thing is happening with CS and SE. There are no new jobs in the market but people opting for the field are getting saturated. Higher merit just means there was more supply. Most of you might be scoffing and saying ‚ÄúfReE LaNcinG kR lEn gE , cS mE jOb ki KyA zAroOrat‚Äù Let me break it to you bacho.... aapke 4 saal yahan lagane ka koi faida ni jb ab freelancing me roz kaam dhundo ya phir basic salary pr job karo. Choose your field wisely. Kher congrats to everyone who got admitted in first list. Others wait , In Sha Allah apka bhi name ajae ga. R jinka ni ana end tk, ap sb unko galiyan do jinhon ne ye mashwra diya tha. R ainda dusron ko bhi ye baat smjhao
Civil engineering ka koi student ha help chaiya üë∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏èüë∑Is there any student of civil engineering, need help
#BS_People 4th list has been Uploaded Go and Check Best of Luck ü§û
can someone share complete outline of 1st semester courses. I could not found them on slate, I will be thankful
Can anyone tell me please  How many % aggregate need for MS environmental engineering in NUST
A.o.a , I want to ask that if I take admission in SE , then GAT A is acceptable or GAT C??? AND further if I go with any computer science field for MS GAT C is mandatary r GAT A??
 Admissions for MBA, MS(CS), MS(EE) and PhD(CS) are now open at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit the link http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
What's last merit position in 2nd merit list of Business studies and social sciences (ACF)? mine #603
Min marks required in NAT to get into fast cs?  Islamabad or lhr campus  Anyone?
Where can I find nust current closing merit list?
A Fastian, did you know ?!
Any one having closing merits of 2nd list?
Which one is good for BS Software Engineering. 1 Bhria 2 Sir Syed
Anyone here who got selected in second selection list.?? In any  discipline ov H-12 sector.??
The 4th Selection List for UG Admissions 2020 has been announced! Those selected in BS Physics kindly drop your merit numbers.
I need recommendations for girls hostel near FAST NUCS Islamabad.
What is scope of IT now a days? need suggestions
This is to inform all Students that the fee submission date for Spring 2013 Semester is extended till Feb 04, 2013.
Fast university ka BSCS ka test kasa ata hai or aus ki tyari kahan ki ki jaye kn si books se?
is there any one who guide me about fast karachi campus EE...
What if I get selected in LLB at NUST without LAT and I don't have LAT Score.
VTB is hiring Candidates for different vacancies 2017
FAST Islamabad ke disciplines accredited hain PEC sai ya nahi ?
Admission apply ki last date kya h?What is the last date for admission apply?
If you're applying in nust, which BS program is your top priority?
 Sample Test Paper for Admissions in Bachelors Programs
what are the timings for evening classes of Masters at PNEC ??
Can anyone suggest that which online courses or pages are best for the nbs net preparation where i can register?
Where near fast isb I can get a good low budget hostel? What's normal range? A lil far from campus will also work.
Message from Islamabad Campus Director (Waseem Ikram). Wait for Online Exams Policy :)
Matric: 1025/1100 (93.18%) FSc: 868/1100 (78.91%) NET-3: 127/200 (63.5%) Any chance in BS Applied Biosciences?
üôè Please ignoremat karna Mujhe Roll# mil chuka ha but Mene kisi waja se abhi tk  Father ki payslip aur bank statement nhi jama karwai.  Kia men jab classes start hongi tb jama karwa sakta hn?
ME from UET Lhr campus or EE from EME??
Orientation Croude in Fast University Lahore Campus
last year merit of M.S chemistry and what is merit criteria
Can we apply in Nust for IT?  Can there's a possibility of getting admission now ??
We're here with the best, most informative seminars and workshops of 2019 and we want you to attend them in the most economical way possible! So register here a...nd select the package of your choice: https://forms.gle/B7uF6Zn7JAvuas2C7 The Graphic Designing Workshop Registration Form: https://forms.gle/ekQQKvM8oP4XhGah8 We've decided to offer 7 packages to the participants who are interested in workshops and seminars. Each package offers a combination of workshops and seminars. The participants are free to choose the modules of their liking. They may also register in individual workshops or seminars. Those who select the Gauntlet Package will get access to ALL workshops and seminars. For further details, give us a follow!
Can anyone tell me. Which University is best for BSCS? FAST, NUST, ya PIEAS or other? Which one is the best having low fee structure but Quality Study.
Hi..this a result of friend of mine, who applied in FAST. But she hasn't received any SMS or email confirmation.. she is really confused. Can anyone help with this confusion of how should she pursue her admission??
Whats the closing merit for CS and SE in Fast ISB
Is there anyone studying deficiency courses . Kindly comment down below. I am planning on making a separate group for them.
Most Asked Questions about Admission Policy of FAST (Transfer to another campus) ==> Re-admission in a different Degree Program 3.17) A student of the university who wishes to change the degree program can do so by taking the admission test. After qualifying for admission on merit, the student is  admitted as a NEW student. 3.18) Only credits of relevant courses with at least C grade are transferable, and NOT the ... CGPA earned in the transferred courses.  3.19) The Director of the campus shall recommend each case with full details to the Controller of Examinations for approval.  ==> Transfer to another NUCES campus 3.20) Request of a student for transfer from one campus of the University to another will be  considered only on the following grounds: a) Death of a parent. b) Posting of a parent to the city where the transfer is desired. c) Marriage of a female student. 3.21) The request shall be considered by the competent authority, provided the Directors of both the campuses have no objection to it and that there is a place available in the  destination campus. 3.22) Transfer shall not be considered in the following cases: a) The student is under disciplinary punishment. b) Disciplinary action is pending against the student. c) Dues are outstanding against the student. d) During the course of a semester.
Hello guys , I've applied for fast Islamabad on NTS basis and Open Merit , but the site didn't ask me about my NTS result pic or roll No, is it fine? Or I should contact fast?
Admissions Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, a revised admission policy for 2020 shall be announced on June 1, 2020.
407 /520 in 1 year  52/100 Nu test  Chances in Accounting and finance???
Assalam o alikum I wanna ask that I am in Saudi arabia right now because I had to come to renew my iqama. So if I return on 18th or 19th sep so will it be trouble for me as I will miss my 3 or 4 classes. (Student of Karachi campus)
Can anyone tell me how to migrate from one campus of fast to other
Mass Comm 3rd list, Dropdown your merit number if you got selected.
Our voice is a knack given to us so that we can utilize it for noble purposes. Does the dream of people listening to your voice ever surpass your mind?  Well, T...LC gives you the chance of fulfilling your dream on the platform of Intra FAST Parliamentary Debating Competition. The competition has no restrictions and it's open for all. Registrations are live, so if you don't want to miss out, register as soon as possible. Stay tuned for updates. Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC #spillyourskill
Those who got selected in BBA please drop your merit position
Aoa. Ap logo se puchna tha ke fast ka form fill karte waqt additional maths ke numbers original numbers me add kar ke dalne hain? Koi alag se ad maths ki option nahi a rahi. Dusra ye ke agar numbers original numbers me add karke dalne ha to phir kia pictures bhi fsc aur ad maths ke result card ki sath dalni ha?
Suna tha nust ki fee aur hostel dues kam hote hai ajj dekh bhi liaüò°üò° fees have exceeded 2 lakhs already along with hostel.
How many marks should i  secure in fsc and net to get admission in d pharmacy or any field of applied bioscience???
What is the last selection merit no for civil eng in h 12 in second list
>>> NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admissions 2020 <<< Subjects: Updates on 3rd Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! Apropos, It is to be informed that 3rd Merit Selection List for NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been tentatively scheduled to display on 2nd or 3rd October 2020. (In Sha Allah) So, stay tuned with NUST website for subsequent list display. Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
Karachi University Update
 Those students who already registered in NET-2, your test is most likely to be conducted in first/second week of August! Stay tuned for more updates. Team University Expert!
Hello Fastians! Inbox me your number If you are admitted to the BSCS program at CFD Campus. We are making a  whatsapp group to keep everyone up to date with the university timeline.
When is the second merit list for MS NUST is expected?
Electrical Engineering from Fast Lahore or Punjab University?
Is there anyone who is doing MSCS from Fast??? Need some information regarding admission test. On website test pattern for MSCS is following. 10% Essay Writing. 15% Analytical and IQ. 75% Specialization area.
Due to no admission test this year how and when will we get information regarding admission. I am applying for MS. Any official here guide me.
The festival is abuzz with students, journalists, authors, politicians, academics and people coming from various backgrounds. ... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Yaqoob Bangash Hajira Kureshi Syed Yasir Abbass Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
Are 1210/1600 SAT and 600/800 SAT2 enough for admission into Fast? (Eligibility criteria states 1000 SAT  and 550 SAT2)
Catch us LIVE on Facebook for an interactive session with the faculty and students of Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar... Tahir Parwaz Adeel Ahmed
 Is there anyone here doing CS from FAST Karachi?
CS from FAST or CS from NUST? which will be better?
Anyone who got admision in bs ee at isl campus
Any one can help me  In admission from of fast HSSC are mentioned kiyani hum part 1 par click karain ya part 1 2 par iss saal sub ko pass kart diya hai?
Hello, is there any MSCS student of Fast Nuces Lahore Campus I want some information related to MS?
We are urgently looking for skilled ‚ÄúElectrical Engineer (Design)‚Äù for reputed engineering organization.  Qualification: Masters / Bachelor‚Äôs degree in Electrical Engineering from renowned educational institutes with PEC registration will be preferred.  Experience: 8-10 years with reputed consulting firms. Position Type: Full time Vacancy: 02... Location: Karachi, Pakistan  Apply at: engineersrecruiters@gmail.com  Subject: Electrical Engineer (Design)
I need some info from seniors. MSc k liye 19 Oct at nust uspcase.. joining h. fee pay kerke seat reserve kerwa li h. Agr koi us din join nakr pae toh what will happn kia Karachi se beth k online classes le sakhte hain... Ya physical classes hi hungi...?? Plus hostel bhi confirm nhi hua h ab tak. Kindly help
Electrical Engineering Electronics from Comsats Abbottabad or Electrical Power Engineering from Uet Peshawar (Self)
can I get into BS CYBER SECURITY with 2 AS level subject  and 1 A level
What do u prefer? 1:BS(cs) 2:BS(SE) 3:BS(IT)
My merit number is 2465. Did I filled the preference list correctly?
how many seats are there in M.S environmental sciences in  H-12?
Can I apply for air University with Nts result
Selected in SE but my first preference was C's. Any suggestions should I go for it or I should wait for comsats ??
Drop your aggregate, merit lists to ane se rahi
DUHS & JSMU ADMISSIONS UPDATES  (MBBS, BDS & PHARM-D)
Alhamdulillah, EDUCATION IN KARACHI (The Largest Education Page) Reached 100,000+ LIKES (y). Allah ka Shukar Hai, 3 Saal Se Karachi K Kae Students Ke Help Kar Raha Hun. Is Doran Bacho Ke Asani K Lye Is Page K 3 Sub-Pages Bhi Banae Ta K Ik Khas Chez DHudne Main Unko Asani Ho. Education in Karachi (All Updates) Education In Karachi - Guess Papers (Only Guess Papers)... Education In Karachi - Universities Admissions Guideline (Universities Admissions Updates) Education In Karachi - Video Lectures (Is K Lye Aaj Kal Time Nahe Mil Raha Hai). Is K Elawa 2 Groups Hai :- https://www.facebook.com/groups/Educationinkarachi2/ https://www.facebook.com/groups/867598406585385/ --------- EDUCATION IN KARACHI K Naam Se Kae Pages or Groups Baney Hain, Jin Se Mera Koe Talluq Nahe Hai, Jo Mere Pages hai wo Main Ne Yahan Mention Kar Dye Hain. Kuch Log tu Aese Hai Jinho Page tu Education In Karachi K Naam per bana Dia Hai, Posts Bhi Sare Mere Karte Hain Lekin Us Per Naam (Asif Khan) Bhi Mera Dya Howa hai. Bhai Kam se Kam Naam tu Mera Hata Do.
BSCS OR BSSE  which is better?
Fast CS vs Fast EE Sincere Advice Please
- In-Case of preference, if you fall for the merit of a particular campus, you may request for placement and it will be awarded if seats are available.
How minimum gpa required to get admission in masters degree
How to apply for NUST hostels now?
Those whose ‚Ä≤‚Ä≤ not selected yet ‚Ä≤‚Ä≤ is coming, only their names will come in second or third list or whose not selected air is coming, can they also come? GUIDE PLEASE
If you have got selected in LLB program without LAT at NUST and want to pursue LLB degree, plz choose this subject line and send this screenshot/email to NUST email address(s)
Update Fast Schedule
We thank you for an overwhelming response. Due to a massive demand by FASTians and a limited amount of time for the big day, DECSters are all ready to deliver y...our tickets to you at your doorstep!
Note: If Anyone Wants to check their admission status they can DM me their ARN.... (Only for Peshawar Campus)
NUST Admissions Updates
Aoa everyone....Hope you all are doing well....I am going to make A group for Net(NBS AND S3H) so anyone wanaa join...Dm me
CFD Campus is recognized by HEC and has approval of PEC to start the program 
Learn about BS Economics with Data Science and MS Development Studies: Development, Technology & Policy. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/... Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
What is the merit of BS CS and BS civil enginering at FAST? Fall 2019 NTS based Nu based
 You can buy your registration forms nearby the entrance of EE-Department.
University of Karachi Admissions Problems ================ Q :- Kia Evening K Test Barst year] result: 1.  The applicants who have paid their application fee after saving and finalizing their application form are requested to update their academic record with the complete result of Intermediate. 2. Please do not generate challan form again. 3. Please Save and Finalize the application form after updating your marks.
Who else received this email? And what's the procedure as I emailed to given email address but no one responded! Anyone from MSCS?
Hello everyone, I joined COMSATS Islamabad (in CS) as it was and may be it is still Lumber... Number 1 as per HEC. And mostly people see this side but this rank...ing is because of its area and some other features which are not too much important for your degree. Then, i was so much disappointed because after one and half semesters, i haven't learned much. Then I joined NUCES and beleive me, I am in peace. No doubt, studies are tough because "Aisy to phr log ni kehty k FAST k banda ha isko YES kro " but you will learn a lot. Moreover, seniors are very cooperative. They helped a lot. Campus life is also too good. NUST jitna ni hota because NUST jitny events yahan hony lg gy to parhai kon kry ga üòõ. So don't be afraid and frightened from people's arguments. Do Hard work and Have Faith in Allah.  Good Luck ‚ù§Ô∏è
We can update preferences now !! But merit position pta hogi to preferences update karen ge na...and merit position to kahi dikh nae rahi :)
Is there any possibility to transfer admission (MS) from ISB campus to LHR campus?
Would NUST provide transport in twin cities keeping in view the covid situation and SOPs ?
Hello all FASTIANS. Im planning to do Masters from FAST-NUCES. pls guide me about the entrance test exam topics. for MSCS. :)
Anyone here who have done bachelor (4 years) and Mba (1.5) from FAST and applied for Canada immigartion? Does WES (world Education Service) count fast bachelor and masters (17.5 years) education equivalent to Masters and give points of master education for CRS (comprehensive ranking system).??
SINDH MDCAT- 2019  (Today's Entry Test Paper)
Last merit position for bs chemistry in first selection list
Aoa, I am currently doing MS environmental engineering from NUST Islamabad. Regarding my thesis work, I need a little favor from members of this group. It is a request that people who are currently accommodated in Islamabad and own a vehicle (car) need to fill this. Your support will be highly appreciated. It will only take a minute. 
Want to know about your income tax calculation, filing and saving?  Take an exciting short course on the subject especially designed to cater to all your needs! ... https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
Admission form is full of bugs!... I submitted my form yesterday, and today campus and disciplines were changed. Furthermore my profile is stuck at 'profile completed'. Anyone else facing issues in admission form?
Looking for a potential candidate who has experience in freelance bidding and with 16 years educations. The graduation should be in BBA (HR, Marketing etc) or relevant field.
Best of luck to students for CIE and Intermediate exams.
Asalam o alaiqum! Someone please guide me about test pattern of BSCS and from where should we study for it (material) etc. My younger brother has to appear for test in upcoming admissions.
MS list is uploaded !
The breathtaking view of our campus on this raining day!
KASBIT Admissions Update
What is the merit for Forman Christian College University undergrad psychology program? they have no info on their website.
#HappeningNow Defence Day and Kashmir Solidarity peace walk set to kick off at ITU.
Who is coming to GIKI (BME).Drop your merit no.
FAST FAISALABAD UNIVERSITY MEDIA PRODUCTIONS.
Are you wondering how to score a good GPA? Are you in need of tips from your seniors to prepare for the mids or want to communicate with them directly regarding... any matter?  https://docs.google.com/‚Ä¶/1FAIpQLSdxcayQ3FwE0ahK5‚Ä¶/viewform‚Ä¶
If someone is selected in a program which is his/her 2nd or 3rd preference, is it still obligatory to send the undertakings if yes then why because we will have to do this whole thing again after selection in one's desired field.
Ehsas scholarship k liye jinhun nay apply krlya hai plz help me out üò¢Facing issues in signing up account
Anyone else who got admission in cfd campus but hasn't received an email yet?
I'm 2nd year Mechatronics student at CEME, NUST. If any junior needs any guidance regarding admissions/hostels, feel free to contact me. Regards
Those who've confirmed their admission in FAST isl for BSCS, dm me ill add you to a whatsapp group where we'll be interacting with eachother and will resolve eachothers queries.
UNIVERSITIES ADMISSION UPDATES =========== 1) Ziauddin University (Pharm-D, Biomedical Engineering, BS Audiology & Speech Language Therapy) 2) University of Karachi (BA/BS/BSc/MS/MSc/M (Morning)  Last Date to Apply is 22nd December.... 3) IQRA University (BSCS, BSSE, BBA, MBA, EMBA. B.ED, MS, Ph.D)  Last Date to Apply is 30th December & Test Date is 1st January. 4) DUHS (IHM) (BBA/EMBA/MBA)  Last Date to apply is 6th January & Test Date is 15th January. 5) Federal Urdu University (BS/BA/BBA/MS‚Ä¶‚Ä¶)  Last Date to Apply is 20th December. 6) Jinnah University For Women  Last Date to Apply is 24th December.
What is the last date to submit change of preferences form ?
Plz guide me that what is the condition of department of electrical engineering in fast ibd . Moreover which is better uet Lahore or fast ibd for electrical engineering
Peshawar campus me kies kies ne fees pay kar di ha for Cs? ü§î Let's meet some classmates :)
Merit position under 370, chances for first list in public administration
Dekho guys Those who‚Äôre confused about FAST sub campuses well here‚Äôs the thing to clear your doubts  FAST apni faculty equal n fair grounds of education py hire... krti hy even for the main campus and sub campuses included, teachers go through alot of interviews and exams to be elected here in FAST the main difference between campuses is  No.of courses Location  Sort of torture (jisky leye FAST famous hy) Bs that‚Äôs it educational ground py yaha koi difference ni hy kisi bhi campus mein there‚Äôre societies there‚Äôre curricular activities and remember struggle har jgha hy yr coz life isn‚Äôt a plate full of fruits. Peace ‚ù§Ô∏è
Hiring Fresh BBA/MBA/MS Supply Chain Management candidates for the position of Software Procurement Analyst vacant in our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal candidate must possess excellent communication skills,good IT knowledge of software products,Software licensing, Procurement cycle, Purchase Orders, MS-Office Suite Salary : Market Competitive (with benefits) Job Timings: Night Shift (09pm-06am)... Apply/Refer at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (Mention Name of The post in subject) Note: >Excellent English Communication is a must >BSCS Graduates are also eligible to apply. Only if they are not inclined towards Software Development and are willing to go for Supply Management degree in future >Only relevant candidates will be contacted
I've been selected in CS of FAST peshawar campus..although i just applied in CS of FAST islmbd campus.Kindly tell me what's the possibility of tranfering my admission to islmbd campus as i live in pindi
Need help in admission form.  When i sumbitted my form, it wasn‚Äôt decided if there would be entry test weightage or not. So i put my first nts number in it. Then it was decided admissions will be on open merit (based on fsc and matric). I forgot to remove my nts number which were pretty low as i thought they wouldn‚Äôt be considered.  Now my admission is based on Nat and only got in AnF while others with similar merit to mine got into SE. Is there any way i can change my application to open merit?
Is ibcc main office open or do we have to send them the certificates via courier for Alevels equivalence
Do you want to be a part of Think N Create (TnC)? Here is the way to reach us, just go to Imtiaz photocopy shop and fill our Inductions forms!! Venue: Activity Room (EE Department)
is fast faisalabad better than fast peshawar for cs ?
Serious advice. Would fast change my preference? I've paid fees tho. I know I won't survive private hostels so thinking about fast cfd. PLEASE? My NTS is 87
Bro please koi bs(a&f) ka closing merit bata do. üôèüèº
Any one can plzzz give me the no of adm office of pu engineering department or pucit adm office no ??
 what were the last merit positions in the first selection list for : 1) BBA. 2) Bs Accounting and finance.... 3) Bs Economics. 4) Bs Public administration. 5) Bs mass com. 6) Bs Psychology. 7) llb (hons).
i want to know about the BSCS of fast...please tell me..
Selected in bpa even though it was my 3rd preference,now should i deposit my fee or wait for 2nd list what is the procedure? Any one please be serious
Is there any dress code for orientation at PNEC?
There are vacant seats of BDS in DDC & DIDC for Merit Number upto 4000
Are we gonna have on campus class from today?
What is #Deed Agreement? Its a affidavit submitted by the students after their final selection.
What's the difference between eligible and selected?
Got admission in BSCS. Which laptop should i buy in affordable price?
ASSALAMU ALAIKUM If i put 4 preferences will i get selection in only first preference (if my aggregate meet the criteria) or will i get selection in more then one preferences?
In my hostel form my selection list is 2 but I was selected in first . Does it matter for hostel allotment?
We are hiring Customer Service Representative (CSR) having UK Based Project (Injury Claims) at TELENERDS Requirements: Good communication skills (English) Good telecommunication skills Hard Working & Dedicative... Male & Female both can apply Fixed salary + Attractive bonuses + Incentives Working Hours: 3:00 PM to 11.00 PM Office Address: Office # 01 First Floor, Kashmir Road, Saddar Rawalpindi. Interested candidates should send your CV‚ÄôS at E-mail: telenerds1@gmail.com Contact number: +92-330-5232492 WhatsApp Number: +92-336-9013238
73.6% enough for accounting and finance?
 They are on a hope that once they graduate, they'd be aware of CS or become an Entrepreneur or would be able to get a good job (whatever their goal might be)... Ive talked to people from several Universities and the fun part is that all of them claimed that THEIR UNIVERSITY is the MOST DIFFICULT to su...rvive in(Except a few).
I Got adm in SE in FAST In 1st list in ISB campus ..so I paid the fee and submitted my documents but now after 2nd list i am eligible in CS which was my first preference now i want to do CS.. Can i change to CS now ??
We are looking for an experienced and creative UI/UX Designer to join our team! As a UI-UX Designer, you will be responsible for delivering the best user experi...ence, which makes your role extremely important for our success, ensuring customer satisfaction and loyalty. You will be designing ideas using various methods and the latest technology. Experience & Knowledge: ‚Ä¢ Must have a working knowledge of frontend technologies HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery etc. ‚Ä¢ Must have a working knowledge of CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap / Foundation/SASS / LESS and best industrial practices. ‚Ä¢ Must have experience using CMS systems like Magento, WordPress, Shopify etc. ‚Ä¢ Must be knowledgeable and demonstrate experience with cross-browser and cross-platform/device issues. ‚Ä¢ Should be able to conceptualize creative ideas and bring them to life with the ability to handle projects from concept through completion. ‚Ä¢ Should be self-motivated and needs to deliver within short-time frames and meet tight deadlines. ‚Ä¢ Should have the ability to work on multiple briefs at a time with excellent command over Adobe Creative Suite, Photoshop, XD, InDesign and Illustrator.  Responsibilities ‚Ä¢ Gather and evaluate user requirements in collaboration with product managers and engineers. ‚Ä¢ Illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps. ‚Ä¢ Design graphic user interface elements. ‚Ä¢ Build catchy graphics for socials media and company branding. ‚Ä¢ Develop UI mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how sites function and look like. ‚Ä¢ Prepare and present rough drafts to internal teams and key stakeholders. ‚Ä¢ Identify and troubleshoot UX problems (e.g. responsiveness). ‚Ä¢ Conduct layout adjustments based on user feedback. ‚Ä¢ Adhere to style standards on fonts, colors, and images. ‚Ä¢ Knowledge of wireframe tools (Invision, UXPIN etc.) ‚Ä¢ Up-to-date knowledge of design trends. ‚Ä¢ Team spirit; strong communication skills to collaborate with various stakeholders. ‚Ä¢ Good multi-tasking skills.   Apply for full-time jobs and paid internships. Faisalabad based software house. #lovecoding #aiksol #techworld #onesolution #google #update #weAreHiring #jobs #internship #graphicsdesigner #dotnetDevelopee #UIUX #Developer
Merit position: 258 Chances in first list for BBA?
Seminar for CS & EE Students
Merit positions are anounced and u can now change ur prefernces as well. 
I am selected in Fast karachi for software engineering. It will be good for me because this is a new field in campus?
For all those who have been admitted in the FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus  | Batch 2013 | Please request to join the following group for official correspondence. Please inbox your ARN, Section and Roll No. so that we can add you to the group
SADA applicants, please drop your updated merit position and aggregate.Also,do you guys think that there is no error this time?
I have applied for BS Artificial Intelligence. And also for Financial Aid. I need details about financial aid scholarship. How much is it??? I belong to A 4th/5th class family. And in Pakistan there is none other uni is best for Artificial Intelligence.... What should i do?? Because I cant much fee. In matric i have 80% ICS part-1  =400 Plz guide me
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Bachelor Programs Entry Test Morning) Examination Centres List with Test Timing
#FASTnu_Test_for_engProgrammes Fast-nu Will conduct its test only for Engineering Programs, Civil Engineering & Electrical Engineering, not for CS Programs
Anyone have information related Artificial Intelligence in Seecs?
*There will be NO Entry Test for BS Admission Fall 2020.  *M.Sc CS Admissions will not be held this year. *BS Admissions will open after declaration of Intermediate Result. *Admission schedule will be updated on PUCIT website and social media platforms. *Merit Formula is shared on the Following link:  https://pucit.edu.pk/admission-criteria/
mera aggreigate 86% hai mera islamabad main ni howa lakin waha likha howa k ap peshawer ya faislabad campus main request kr skty . abhi krna chahiye ya 2nd merit list k liye wait krna chahiye?
AOA everyone Matric 77% Fsc part 1:50.19% Any chance for admission in Bs accounting and finance... please reply
Kisi ka MS AI me adm hua h??
Second list for all the campuses w.r.t seat availability will be updated on Saturday
How is the electrical department in fast peshawar  Any passout engineers ?  Breif us !
Any idea when the Economics admissions will start? I got 684# and last year it stopped at 820#.  But I have already completed admission in another university. When will NUST start admissions? I want to know so that I can apply for refund at my current uni. 
Under graduate programmes walo ne corona test kab karana hai ? Cauz day scholars sirf orientation par aye ge  for submission of certificates and har koi nahin asakta Roz tu 1 week ya few days ke gap se 19 ko aye ge tu corona test orientation se pehle hi karana hoga tab bhi?
Here are some core and important subjects of computer science. If you want to learn one of theme or want detail of all. Then do follow us. We will cover all in ...detail on insta facebook and youtube. #computerscience #coding #programming #technology #python #programmer #computer #tech #developer #coder #java #javascript #code #Operatingsystem #webdeveloper #softwareengineer #engineering #machinelearning #softwaredeveloper #html #programmers #Datastructure #artificialintelligence #computerengineering #linux #datascience #cybersecurity #programmingmemes #hacking
Aggregate in NET 3 is 65.7% Any chances in CS in NBC? Any chances for FA? Plz guide!
#Fall_Admissions2k19 #CS_or_SE_or_CE?? Hello, today I want to talk about a common topic of the group and that is *Should we do SE,  CS or CE?*  First of all let me tell yout that... CS and SE are BS programs CE is an engineering program Computer Science: As far as I know, Computer Science is all related to software, hardware, networking, data structure, algorithms, etc  Software Engineering(Non-Engg): As the name suggests, it is basically based on coding and software development throught the 4 years session. Computer Engineering: It is a mixture of Electrical engg and Computer Science. A CE student learns both about Hardware, Electronics, Software etc. 1. Is SE an Engineering Program??  The answer is NO!! Thats because it is a sub beanch of CS, and honestly thats the fault of or education system that NUST, UET, Bahria and a few more call it PEC accrediated and name it under engineering program However, it was designed by the international computer organizations as a subbranch of CS so that those who only want to study software can choose this field and at that time they called it Software engineering.. If you have a PEC accrediation number with SE degree and then you apply for an engineering job in any international firm they wont consider you as an engineer cause the whole world considers it just a BS(hons) program... So thats now clear that even if its pec accrediated or not, the world will consider it as a non engineering program.. 2. Can we apply for Software Engineer job after CE? The answer is YES! you can apply in any firm or centre, the only requirement is having skills and thats it!. 3. Is it good to go for Software engineering? Yes thats good to go, but consider that its not an engineering program  you are going for simply BS. 4. Is CS and SE same??? Answer is yes, almost... these two programs offer almost same curriculum and skills. 5. Is CE same as SE or CS?? No, because CE is an engineering program so its different in CE we will study hardware, electeonics like(sensors, ics, etc) and also programming and software related courses. 6. Should I do SE? Yes if you have interest and dont  care for an engineering program you can go for it. 7. Which one is better? CS or SE? Answer is CS Saad Iqbal CE - Fall19 (COMSATS Lahore) Joining Sept 2nd, 2019
IQRA University Admissions 2019 (DPT/BE/BS/B.Ed)
Merit number 681 Chances in bs Economics?
Merit number 545 any chance in bba?
Center for Digital Humanities at ITU earlier held Multiplayer Online Boards Competition. Final results of the competition are set to be announced tomorrow during a Facebook LIVE session.  Mark your calendar now.   Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Which university is better for BSSE
Do you have what it takes to ...land that interview? Is your Resume quintessential enough? Well say no more cause FMS is back with a Bang!  We proudly present ‚ÄúThe Business Conference‚Äù this session will aid you in making the best C.V not to mention, how to nail your job interview.  The Job market is a tricky place and knowing how to survive is an art and we‚Äôre here to teach it to you, through this session. Don‚Äôt miss your chance to get to know the opportunities of the Job market and benefit as much as you can when Job hunting. So join us on Friday 3rd May, 2019 in the EE auditorium.
Merit position 467, accounting and f vs economics vs bpa what should i opt for keeping in view the scope and other factors also for accounting and f chances are a little edgy? So plz anyone?
Jinnah University For Women Admissions Updates 2016-17
Scope wise which engineering  field is best among Mechatronics  and Chemical  engineering  when one is interested  in both... Seniors are requested  to drop comments Thank you
Does anyone have the timetable for second week of BSCS?
Hi everyone  Will someone plz tell the elective subjects list of the BS ELECTRICAL program at fast islamabad? And i wana ask if fast is better, or comsats, or uet taxila? I will be waiting for you guyz üòä Tnx
For BA, BBA, BSc, B.Com with 0-2 year of experience.. Apply Now.
2nd list me kon kon civil engineering me aya? Kindly Drop your merit positions!
Assalamualaikum Do someone in hare take cyber security study ? i want to ask a some question regarding this study.
CFD campus wishes all the Faculty, Staff, Students a very Happy New Year 201se it hurts badly when you come to know that they can hear you but can not understand...!!
When will the fourth list be installed
Hello Is there any one who had given Nust NET test ever? If any one Then please Give me some information about it
CS Orientation Batch 2k15 On Way , Bright Faces Of Parents :)
Anybody got admission in PNEC karachi on army/airforce reserved seats? What are the requirements before reporting? Explain: Police verification  Personal Data form... College surety bond Hostel accomodaton
A level students didn't get results YET, how do we send IBCC equivalence to NUST, as they've asked for it by 24th latest for those selected in first merit list
Is there anyone who gets enrolled in MSCNS. I want to ask about course registration.
AOA Everyone.. Currently i am in A2 and planning to go for BS in CyberSecurity from Fast. Wanted to know about admission Criteria in FAST.. Website pr tou they have shown that above 60% is eligible but when i searched down this group i saw people getting above 80% and still werent able to get admission so can anyone guide me ke A2 mey kia minimum grades chahye hongey to get admission in my desired field. FunFact BS in Cyber Security is only offered by FAST in Karachi.. Calculated my Olvl equivalency by the method shown on FAST website and it came out 77% Can anyone guide me it will be really helpful  Jazakallah.
anyone planning for EME, NUST can contact me...especially Mechatronics walay
As our students resume on-campus classes, meet our New Normal at FAST CFD Campus
Are there any girls' hostel near FAST Islmabad? Which ones are preferred by the students there? Safety is priority and it doesn't matter if the rents are slightly high.
Yesterday one of my friend having final exam of his university which was online based  I feel pity on him because right after finishing his exam he just wanted ...to submit that paper but Thanks to K-electric light gone and he can‚Äôt submit that paper Then he rushes towards my home because he had only left 15mins to submit the exam else he will considered failed and all his 6 months and 8 hours gonna in vain. Just because of K-electric. who else faced this issue ? I request all the universities to look into this matter  #PTA #K-electric look into this matter rather than Banning pubg  #Unbanpubg and Ban #onlineclasses #onlineexam
Saw this today... Selected in FAST Lahore campus.I have submitted fee in FAST ISL campus.Should I go to Lahore?which one is better?
Is it important to submit the Covid test reports on orientation? I am dayscholar.
When 2 merit list will upload for UG?
To G, Who wants to learn Programming?  Credits: Fastards
Ehsaas scholarship self education expenditure mai kya likhna hai?where they have written ke don't write your education expenditure
Dawood University Admissions 2017-18 Update ======== DUET Apna Koe Test Nahe Legi, So Jo Bache DUET Main Apply Karna CHahte Hain wo HEC Ka Test Zarur Dey.
My Brother got adm in SE in ISL campus ..i want him to do some course before joing the UNI...Can u tell me from which programming language he should begin with? So that it will be easier for him to pick up things in start
We are seeking an experienced Senior Mobile Software Engineer to join our rapidly growing organization. In this role, the Senior Mobile Software Engineer will help build data driven mobile applications using google cloud based technologies. The selected candidate will embrace the opportunity to be part of a highly talented continuous delivery organization. The selected candidate will be responsible for designing processes, building applications, testing, monitoring, and all o...ther activities necessary to ship high quality code in an Agile environment. ‚Ä¢ Exceptional software engineering knowledge OO Design Principles. ‚Ä¢ 5+ years of software development experience, focusing primarily on mobile and/or backend. ‚Ä¢ Solid understanding of OOP, CS fundamentals and modern architectures.
There will be no classes on 27th and 28th of November 2017, due to the prevailing law and order situation. Faculty members and officers/staff will attend office at their convenience. University transport will not operate on these days. This is issued with the approval of competent authority.
Anyone selected in NUST Balochistan Campus in 3rd list. Drop your merit No.
ITU hosted our own renowned Pakistani singer, philanthropist and activist, Abrar-ul-Haq, today.  A warm and heartfelt reception was accorded to Abrar-ul-Haq. Haq appeared in ITU FM 90.4's show 'Sham Se Pehly' followed by his interaction with university management and students.    Catch some glimpses here!  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
Students who have secured their admission in BS CSDF at FAST Karachi Campus, kindly DM me. Thanks.
English Language Learning Lab at ITU is organizing a two-day workshop offering useful skills for exam preparation and studying. These include: speed reading, speed writing, note making, skimming and scanning.  So refine your skills and ace your exams!  The workshop is open to ITU undergraduates from all disciplines.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
I got 77% in matric and 50.19% in fsc.. any chance for admission  in bscs,BBA,bs accounting and finance,data science , artificial intelligence please guide me
DS...C has partnered with Redbull Basement University to bring forward its first venture. Our target this time round are enthusiastic and capable individuals who are unaware of the existence of the word 'impossible'. It is an event open for all students who have a passion to not just live but to strive forwards with a purpose.  #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSCNUCES #GoogleCommunity #developerstudentclubs
NExt list expected on?
NUST software engineering merit nd 2nd year marks to get admission there 2020?? Anyone knows?
Asalamu alykum. I wanted to ask that what is the admission criteria in FAST like how much % (of matric, HSSC, entry test) do they consider for admission? On website, the criteria is written but it's written according to the COVID-19 situation. Please guide. JazakAllah khair
Guys I have been selected in materials Engineering with merit position 1706 is there any chances there that i should be upgraded to chemical engineering as i have set it as my 1st preference kindly reply because i have submitted the dues of UET So that i can apply for refund!
I wanna ask question about fast nu experience as you are in fast. One of my friend interested in bscs fast but he have no idea about fast research in computer science and entrepreneurship skills as well as extracurricular activities. But he is sure about fast reputation on producing hard core cs graduates. He wants to join Islamabad.
Alhumdullilah Got selected in fast bscs islamabad campus üòÄ
Aoa, Can someone please explain k Fast's formula for Alevel students kese use hoga?? My olevel equivalence is 788/900. I'm an Alevel result awaiting candidate.
What? How? When? To brief you all about one of the most awaited events of the year, we bring you the Introductory Session for PSYWC'16 tomorrow! Venue: EE Audit...orium, FAST-NUCES, Main Campus, Karachi  Timings: 11:30a.m. to 1p.m. Ensure your presence there, all the best! #IEEE #PSYWC #IEEENUCES #WhereItAllBegan
Which uni will be best for software engg.?
Applied bioscience or bs chemistry Which one is better?
Is bahria university good for software engineering???
Closing merit of BSCS H12 3rd list?
KMDC New Entry Test Date is 5th November, 2016.
How do I check my section ? I got selected in BS-CSDF after applying on SAT basis. The university only mailed me to come and receive the offer letter. Got an orientation timing change notif via SMS today but my section etc isn‚Äôt mentioned anywhere. No mails either
My merit position in 3369  Can i get admission in geoinformatic engineering or materials engineering?
Waiting for comsats to announce their merit list and at same time I dont wanna loose my seat at FAST. Any suggestions on how to go about this situation?
Selected in cs
Kon kon nust software eng ma select howa hy ani merit position share KayüòÅüòÅ‚ò†‚ò†
Karachi University Fee Structure 2018-19 (Evening Programs)
Difference between SE and CS?
I have 69.7% aggregate with Nat ie test  How much merit is required for admission in bs. cs???
Hostel & Transport facility is available @ CFD Campus
Acca or civil engineering? Honest opinion dein
 nu Entry test or NTS???
ALHAMDULILLAH Finally  got NNBS scholarship at NUST
MDCAT (Punjab) 2019 Entry Test Paper  (Held Today)
Guys I have posted something related to the change of timetable in the classroom of Stats. I request you all to please help me with it. We can't afford changes in table time for God's sake I have got alterations from my company after pleading so much. Also we were told that the timetable would never change.
Rockville Technologies is looking for Fresh - 01 year of experienced BBA/MBA graduates for the position of Business Development Executive - Devices for its Islamabad office in Gulberg Greens The ideal resource must possess excellent english communication skills, knowledge of business development process, IT proficiency wrt to IOT Products and Devices.
IS IT NECESSARY TO SUBMIT THE REPORTS OF COVID 19 ON THE DAY OF ORIENTATION???
AOA Everyone! I applied for BSCS but didnt get selected. I am eligible for BSSE and would choose this for my degree. So if there's anyone in this group willing to leave their Software Engineering seat kindly dm me.  I also want details about how the transfer takes place.  Thankyou
Any one have makeup test on 19 September which postponed on 29 August 2020 SAT..??
What is the difference between the statuses "Not Selected" and "Not Yet Selected" as reported in the selection lists of the applicants? Do they imply different things?
Now for the main cream of the crop, introducing the topics of this year's committees. Under these 8 committees, will be a heated exchange of dialogue, followed ...by diplomatic behavior. We hope you're up to the challenge! This July, get ready to #ExpatiateCogitateArbitrate Because #FromMUNweLearn
Private Medical Colleges Closing Aggregates (MBBS/BDS)
Paid MTO Program Educational Background: BBA/MBA/Electrical Engineer
Fee structure for software enginering in fast
Anyone from MSSE, who has attended orientation?
Asslamualikum i am pre medical student can i apply in CS in fast University?
Salam  Chemical engineering or mining engineering  Which one is good
Is Spring 2020 Admissions are open for MS Programs at Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus: - MS Computer Science - MS Electrical Engineering
Plz i need some serious suggestion EE from uet or fast...? Which is best...
IQRA University (BE/BS/BBA/BFD/BTD/B.Ed....) Admissions Spring 2018
Anyone,what is the aggregate for MS(CS)..?
Any idea how many lists will come out this time? Like, will it go till 6?
Anyone? Who can guide me on SAT basis apply for NUST.  What is Sat pattern? Total Marks? Required marks? Preparation?  When it is going to be conduct? 
NED Admissions Updates Banks & Instructions to fill out the Deposit Slip
O-Levels: 709/900 A-Levels: 2As, 1B NET 3: 151 1) Can someone please calculate my aggregate? 2) What are my chances for BBA?
1713 any chance . In eme. Seecs .h12??
So who got selected for (NBC)Quetta Campus. Drop your merit positions.
I got 1033/1100 marks in Matric and 400/520 marks in Fsc. Can I get admisn in Bscs or Bscyber security? And Plzz tell me about Entry test of FAST.
What are the score requirements for SAT applicants to secure admission?
In reference with the International Literacy Day upcoming on September 8, Lincoln Corner Lahore organized a Storytelling Session conducted by speakers from the  US Consulate General Lahore. Participants consisted of students from grade 1 to 7 from American School of International Academics Lahore. 
 Role Description Develop high-q...uality code against agreed stories (and propose outline system test methods against assigned stories), sub-tasks, and bugs then ensure developed code is unit-tested, and automatically testable where possible, as part of the build process. Analyze, develop, and document: product algorithms, peer reviews of documents produced by the team, and establish the process of documenting processes through Confluence with other engineers. Collect and maintain knowledge of industry trends and future paths. Recommend processes, services, software, and other tools to support business objectives pertinent to back end as well as infrastructure technologies. Contribute to enhance design and development processes. Create resource estimates of user stories related to back end features. Required Skills 2+ years of increasingly complex development efforts in an Agile based development team with a concentration on full-stack development. 1+ years working experience with React, Redux, ES6, GraphQL, and/or React Native. 1+ years working experience with Microservices 1+ years of experience developing and architecting solutions using JavaScript, Node.js, REST and SOAP APIs, and Express.js. 1+ years utilizing and developing using NoSQL DB‚Äôs such as MongoDB and Cassandra, SQL based DB‚Äôs such as MySQL/MariaDB, and web servers Apache and IIS. Strong JavaScript programming expertise. Identify, escalate, and work to resolve issues encountered during development activities that could impact timescales, functionality, or robustness. Deadline and detail-oriented. Strong analytical and critical thinking skills. Bonus Skills Knowledge of Java, Python, or other programming languages Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Lambda a plus. Experience with public cloud-based technologies such as AWS, Azure, GCE a plus. Experience with configuration management tools like Puppet, Chef, Ansible, and Jenkins.
last year merit of electrical engineering in fast ( lahore)
I can't understand why the merit of Civil engineering is little low. I believe that everyone should be targeting this engineering but people seem to be more interested in CS and electrical engineering. Are they wise? Or am I stupid to think that civil engineering has great scope and it should be your top priority? I know many students who have no interest in mechanical engineering or CS but they are going for it just because someone has convinced them enough that it will be good for him /her. If that is the case then you can message me and I will let you know more about civil engineering üòé or you can tell me why I am stupid to give civil engineering priority without knowing much about my interest. üòä
 I have done BSC in Electrical Engineering and also have done MS in Energy. Now, I want to do Masters in Computer Science from FAST.  I know that I can apply for MS in CS after having done BS in EE but I tried doing the same in another university. I passed the test and everything was clear until the last moment, when they said that they won't take me in because I have already done Masters in Energy and now I can't do another Masters... Is it also true for FAST? Please guide, as I couldn't receive any reasonable response from the official mail provided by FAST.
I've a concern, when your A levels result is not out, university considers it as 60 percent ( if it's same like 4 years ago) and your aggregate becomes lower, this was compensated in previous years with entry test but since we don't have one now, I want to get the feed back from the CIE students....
Who got selected in Chemical engineering h12 campus drop merit numbers
My aggregate is 53%.Do i still have chance for admission in EE in Islamabad campus considering merit lists r uploaded but still there any ray of hope...
Can anyone tell me about the mid exams date sheet and the starting date??
Is there Anyone who has taken the uni test for MS program?? Need some info.  regarding uni selection criteria, bcz  we get the result after test.
Liaquat National Admissions 2019 (BS Clinical Laboratory Sciences)
Merit position 541,chance in CS?
Allama Iqbal, an undoubtedly one of the greatest poets, philosopher...s and seers of humanity, whose contributios to the literature and thought of the world will live forever. It was his poetry that beacame the greatest inspiration for the Muslims to recognize themselves and their strength as a nation. The Character Building Society is celebrating Iqbal Day with passionate spirit and paying tribute to the man who raised his voice for the cause of Muslims and cultural reconstruction of the Islamic world. #IqbalDay #CBS #Fast #NUCES
As you all know, this pandemic has changed the lives of many people. A widowed lady has requested us for help to pay her gas bill. She is a single parent and has two children. She is also in need of monthly ration support for her children. We request all of you to please donate and help us resolve this case. We need a total of Rs.15000 for the family to pay their bill and to provide them food support for 2 months. Team "THEN Foundation Lahore" is administrating this whole case. Feel free to inbox us for any query. Kind Regards Team THEN.
Ma ny undertaking ma glt registration number likh dya ha aur NUST bhej b dya ha Ab is ka koi frk to nhi pry ga mery admission pr? Plzzz bta dy bht tension hn
Those who got selected in geoinformatics evoirnmental and materials in 3rd list plz drop ur merit position
Dekho guys Those who‚Äôre confused about FAST sub campuses well here‚Äôs the thing to clear your doubts  FAST apni faculty equal n fair grounds of education py hire krti hy even for the main campus and sub campuses included, teachers go through alot of interviews and exams to be elected here in FAST the main difference between campuses is  No.of courses Location ... Sort of torture (jisky leye FAST famous hy) Bs that‚Äôs it educational ground py yaha koi difference ni hy kisi bhi campus mein there‚Äôre societies there‚Äôre curricular activities and remember struggle har jgha hy yr coz life isn‚Äôt a plate full of fruits. Peace ‚ù§Ô∏è
I submitted my fee in BS (SE) in Islamabad campus. My aggregate is 87.52. Can I transfer from Islamabad campus to Lahore campus after 1st or 2nd semester? Because Islamabad is expensive for me.
Alhamdulillah selected in BSCS Islamabad...‚ù§Ô∏è
What is the fee structure of Fast for BBA?
Admissions open in AUST spring intake
Is FAST-NU CFD Campus is offering numerous degree programs 
Merit position 582. Do I have any chance in bba? How many lists are gonna be displayed?
80% in matric 77% in fsc part 1 Any chance in bscs isl??
LLB WALO ...Drop your merit positons!!
civil from UET lahore or NUST (nice ) ?
Is change of department possible after 2 semesters? Kindly guide
Is hostel available in fast Islamabad?
I want to do further study in computer science after bs kindly guide me which university is best for me???
What's the meaning of Credit hour? Like i saw in fee structure  7000 per credit hour
FAST CFD Campus will celebrate Iqbal Day tomorrow and pay homage to our national poet Allama Muhammad Iqbal. The event aims to project the messages and thoughts of Iqbal that has a significant contribution towards the creation of Pakistan and the development of an Islamic society. Mr Muhammad Bashir Herl will join us as the chief guest of the event along our honorable guests Dr Aftaab Maroof and Mr Arif Khattak.  We hope to see you all there.
Who are coming to NUST Balochistan Campus(NBC) Quetta...?? CS ya Civil Engineering  Agr kisi ko information chahiye hai too For Civil engineering  Muhammad Nadeem Malik Muhammad Adnan Qureshi Ammar Sheikh Wajid Ali... For CS Adnan Khan Khattak Faizan Faizy Sufyan Mughal Haroon Bhatti  Syy rabta kar sktty han
Merafuture is looking for a Web Developer for its Islamabad Office. Education/Diploma in Computer Sciences or related disciplines Required Skills: Front and back end development,  Web deployable Python API programming skills, Knowledge of web programming especially PHP Required Experience: 1-2 Years Location: Islamabad/Rawalpindi... Apply at  https://forms.gle/HafveC8x17cd3RTA6
Anyone who has done MS CS from FAST? Want to ask few questions about the program...
What are the timings of statistical methods‚Äô class on monday?
My merit position in business studies and social sciences is 249. Are there chances for admission in BBA?
Hello I'm a student of 2nd year Mechatronics engineering CEME, NUST.  Some of the tips I found useful during zero days: Stay in Jinnah and Abu bakar hostels as much as you can. Go to study room during your University timings. If a senior catches you, go to any authority in cadet battalion(prefer higher ones like BC or CC) and tell him that it's his duty to protect you. He will handle everything.... Never move in a group. Always Move alone. Seniors are mostly looking for groups. And congratulations to all who are about to become a part of this prestigious institute. In case of any query, feel free to contact me.
SMBBMCL (LMC) Original Entry test Paper 2015
FAST is an institution that gives you an experience of a lifetime. The learning here goes far beyond the academics only. You get the right blend of exposure, aptitude and confidence to become a thorough professional. They make you work hard to make a mark for yourself and then, there is the famous "Grind" that FAST gives to its students. Let me assure you, this grind is what'll bring you laurels in the future. So, as they all say, It's a long road, but it‚Äôs worth it. The EE Department is equipped with the best infrastructure and facilities along with talented faculty. All one needs are the will tolearn and you'll turn out to be one fine engineer! I am currently working as Wireless Engineer at Huawei.
Anyone MS CS or MS SE?
Anyone got selected for chemical engg. (H-12 campus) Drop ur merit position.
What is last Merit Position of Civil Engineering (NICE) in 2nd list?
Aoa MS software engineering ka test kab hy ply 5 date thi ab kuch b show ni ho raha admit card b ni kindly koi guide kr day... ply MS management science ka b 5 ko tha Message b aya tha but ab  8 ko hy.
HI Everyone! Please guide me, Apply Islamabad campus main kiya tha but Peshawar Campus main eligible a rha ha. Peshawar main admission mil jaye ga???
ee at seecs?
Which University is best for BSCS w.r.t Skills and quality education ??
MS(Data Science) from fast MSCS from Comsats
Hello, Please recommend which hostels are best near FAST. Budget is not an issue Facilities should include AC, good quality food.
I‚Äôm eligible in Fast Fsd & Pshwr campus. Which one is better for BSCS? Need suggestions. And also tell me abt remaining seats in Fsd or Peshwr campus.
Is nearpeer a good site for nbs test preparation?
Dow BDS Admissions Update
Any chance of 3 merit list of fast for islamabad campuse
Salam I'm getting problem in online fee verification of Fast nu Isb
Is hostel availability based on merit position? Or on the merit list  you are selected in eg 1st 2nd?
3rd merit list date?
Which one is best option  Civil engineering or Electrical engineering
I passed Fsc Pre-Med in 2019 by securing 1006/1100. I could not take admission in MBBS. But I am fond of BSCS. I am interested in Computer Science. I was  giving additional math exams. But the exams have been cancelled. Nonw whta should i write in place of the HSSC(|+||) in online application? whether previous or what???? what should i  do please guide me anyoneüò•
Aga Khan undergraduate Scholarship programme
We proudly announce that Professor and HoD CS Department, FAST-NU (Lahore), Dr. Kashif Zafar has also joined us and will be sharing his thoughts on Machine learning and Evolution of Big data! Register at: http://www.ieeebigdata.pk/ #AI #ieeebigdata
Assalam u alaikum. I have secured admission in UET taxila in BS CS. My nust merit number is 3382 And last year merit position for electrical engineering from MCS was 3620. Should I go to UET taxila or MCS Nust for electrical engineering which is actually Telecommunication engineering.... Kindly tell me. I am from Rawalpindi
Dear Seniors i have been selected in isb campus for BS (CSDF) but i intend to go for (BSCS). My aggregate is 88.26  keeping previous year practices in view is there any possibility of selection in bscs as there's no option of second merit list so should i wait for call from campus how they will contact in case i get selected.... Expecting positive response from seniors.
Can anyone kindly link me to the mathematics book pdf :)
Anyone selected in bs psychology in second merit list? Drop your merit position
Does anyone know whether power is available as a major or elective course in fast or not? For BS (EE)
Ziauddin University Admissions 2019-20 (BS Medical Technology)
Mphil  test computer department ka result kb ay g ? Islamabad campus
any affordable hostel available near islamabad campus?
My aggregate is 74.87 any chance in SEECS for electrical engineering?
When u feel NFAK by heart.
#UG_2nd_selection_list is on website go & check your status.
BBA (Islamabad Campus) Aggregate: 88.5% Share your aggregates if you got selected.
85% aggregate  kindly guide please any chance in cs Islamabad
68 merit position MSCS 127 MS DS 73 MS IS
Who have gotten admission in BS Chemical Engineering? üåö
MS Orientation day timing Islamabad campus
Syllabus For #NUMS Entry Test 2016 (MBBS & BDS)
How to apply for Loan in fast??
Anyone here who  will start MS ( mgt sciences)  in coming semester
Closing merit position of NUST 2015-19 may be helpful in updating preferences
Hi, I want to ask that I am pre-medical student and I want to take admission in bscs. Which universities allow that? I have already applied at Comsats and Fast. Please suggest some universities.
Meri selection bs chemistry mein ho gyi h .Lkin yh meri 2nd choice thi.1st choice Applied biosciences thi jis ki koi list ni lgi abhi tk.tu kia mein fee submit  karaon ya phir bs applied biosciences ki list lgne ka wait kron.Any senior please guideMy selection is just done in chemistry. But this was my 2nd choice. 1st choice was applied business which has no list yet. So should I submit the fee or just wait for the list of applied biosciences. Any senior please guide
I have scored 305 marks in 1st Year  I am interested in BBA.How much NTS marks are required? Your reply will be appreciated!
 Stay tuned ...for more updates~
FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad campus organized a seminar on ‚ÄúTechnology & Management‚Äù on March 12, 2013. Mr. Hassaan Azhar, a renowned OD Consultant & HR Professional, was invited as a Guest Speaker. Mr. Hassan has worked with more than 15 organizations like UNDP, BSS, RCG, Technogem, etc. The purpose of organizing this event was to provide the students a platform to voice their ideas and discover more horizons of Technology. It was a segment of a Marketing series of this campus in bridging Academia & Industry. The event was attended by all the students, Faculty Members and Staff.
Closing merits of NBC in second list (cs & ce)
My first preference was CS. merit position was 770 plus. But i am not selected yet. Got my name in BS mathematics. I deposited my fee today as i thought k khud he merit upgrade hoga tu  CS maen naam aa jae ga aur fee bhee udher transfer ho jae ge..but just came to know that i made a mistake. Please please help me out...it is not easy to pay fee again before that refund...i am tooo much tensed. Ab kya hoga.
Hello, I'm doing Computer Science from FAST Peshawar. If anybody from Karachi or Islamabad want to swap seats with me. Let me know. Thanks.
I am selected in Bs mathematics. Not selected in physics yet,  now if i didn't pay fee till 7 oct, will i be considered in bs phy next merit list or not ? Plz someone guide me in this regard. Thanks‚ù§
Any chances of 2nd merit list? (karachi campus)
Asslam o Alaikum seniors...!!!  1. starting with c++ 2. Thomas calculus (cal1) if any one have those books kindly contact me, (isb campus) thanks in advance
Guys who are selected in MTS 3rd List Drop you Merit Position...
Any one got the admission in nbc??
Anyone here who knows what's the lowest merit position of bba was ????
Hello guys. I wanted to ask that does every field has a seperate merit lists or there is a combined merit list for all fields ?
Jis jis ka ID men selection hoa hy drop your merit positions please
NOTE: All students seeking admission in FAST-NU can bring their documents and get their test scheduled for all the campuses at FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. Office timings are 9 - 4 Pm. For Queries 111-128-128
Med certificate mai PM&DC number compulsory hai? The doctor only stamped and didn't put in the number.. Stamp kafi hojayega ya nahi?
Guys who have applied for hostel in eme get ready to pay 80k.hostel status is being updated.
Lets be brutally honest about FAST Electrical Engineering so many could get help from it. Like my friend and dearest seniors, Emmad Fatimi, Sarfaraz Ilyas are busy explaining why Fast is not better than any other university.  Let me say that they are right. They are honest from their point of view. What Fast does for you Fast will provide a platform for you to shine out even if you couldn't get into GIKI, NED, NUST. MIND IT THAT THESE UNIVERSITIES HAVE THEIR GRADUATES WORKING IN DIFF ORGANIZATIONS FOR 25+ YEARS NOW SO THATS WHY THEY HAVE STRONG ALUMNI.  If you couldnt make it best of the best unis, Fast can be your mediocre option from where you could complete your engineering. It has better reputation than Sir Syed, IQRA etc. And yes education is decent, it will push you till your hardest point, mentally and physically. 1. Muhammad Hassan, Etisalat UAE 2. Umair Ahmed, Etisalat UAE 3. Noman Saleem, GlaxoSmithKline  4. Me, Reckitt Benckiser formally GSK 5. Usama Naveed, MS from Australia formally KE 6. Ahmed Hasan, SGS formally KE 7. Sarfaraz Iylas, Descon Engineering  8. Naveed Rehman, DP World Those companies are not small at all. Etisalat is the best communication provider in UAE, GSK is the best pharmaceutical company of Pakistan. SGS is the best testing firm globally. Descon, best engineering projects and construction company in Pakistan. Dubai port world, one of the best container shippers in region. Its your strength your caliber that matters. I wanted to be an engineer, couldnt land in best university of Pakistan. I am thankful to FAST for providing me quality education and necessary skills to start career from leading firms in our country.
Hear up! We will be coming to The American Foundation tomorrow. Don't forget to secure your spot to participate in various competitions and be prepared to learn... about the exciting features of our event when we visit you!
Mechanical from EME NUST Or Chemical From NUST H12 personally i am very much interested in chemical engineering but some people said that i should join mechanical engineering bcz it has more scope And job opportunities Kindly help... Thanks
For CS which University is best Bahria or Air
Is Fast Islamabad will remain closed till 5th April.?
Answer to FAQ: Refund Policy The Admission Fee and Students‚Äô Club Fund fee are non-refundable. 
Fastians mega tour to swat valley. limited seats are available
Hi , why is there NO Sample or Past paper of NU (FAST) entry test? If someone has it or something similar to it , please provide.  I just applied for FAST - NU-CS test and I can find absolutely no information about the questions or the type of material that the test contains. If anyone has experienced the test , please share some information about it. Thanks :)
I Have a Serious Question. What Kind of difficulty a Freshie endures at EME. And What Problems He Has To Face Initially ? THIS INCLUDES ALL RAGGING OR INTERACTION. 
 Invitation Mail/Message Abhi Tak Kisi Ko Bhi Nahe Aya Hai or Na He Koe Date De Howe Hai. Uske Bare Main Be Fikar Hojae Agar Apke Form Main Uper Status Main "YOUR FORM HAS BEEN COMPLETED NOW" likha howa aya he tu Apka Form Submit Ho Chuka Hai.
My aggregate is about 71.5 and wants to do Mechatronics,EME .... Is there any Chance ??
I heard that this is the first time FAST is offering SE.. I needed a bit of advice.. As Comsats is also highly rated for their SE.. I Got admission in both Comsats and Fast in SE.. So i cannot decide where to go.. Can u walk me through the right way?
So, how long do you think we will keep you waiting for registration? Not long cause as much as you want to be a part of us, we also want you to be with us. Here comes the date for our live registrations. #SPECIsBack #MegaEvent #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
Why MSCS?
Admission open?
Do you want to pursue Education in these fields?
Display of 3rd merit list?
How is fast peshawar?is it possible that after studying two semesters from peshawar i transfer to fast islamabad?plz someone guide me..
Electrical Engineering From PNEC (selected) Or Civil,Mechanical& Electrical from NED (chances)???? Please guide kre ...........
Matric: 85.5545% Inter I: 72.3077% How much score do I need to have in NU/NAT tests to secure admission in BSCS?
Merit position 1896  can i be selcted in se mcs
Material science  engineering from PIEAS or from IST or from NUST? Seniors plz guide.
How verify fee in admission to get admit card
SE or CS from FAST (isb). VS SE or CS from NUST
Hostels Near Fast Uni peshawar?
Anyone selected for geoinformatics envoirnmental or materials plz merit position share kerin ge apni
Admissions open at various universities for spring 2020
 Jisme se apko original documents+ (3-4) photocopied documents apne department me submit krwaney hongy.. remaining document apne file ya portfolio me sambhaal kar rakhein... Future me boht helpful hongey wo documents.  Otherwise jab bhi apko koe document ki zarurt pregi (in future) then apko department se apne document wpis lene hongy aur nust offices apko itna ghumayegi aik jaga se dusri jagaüòÇ . . Thanks
Who is the legend having knowledge about BS peace and conflict s studies ?
From where to check the merit list/positions ? And when?
Lyari Medical College Vacant Seats Update 
Is there anyone who knows that after how many days of orientation PIEAS's classes are gonna start?
Which university is best for electrical engineering  1:ITU 2:Comsets lhr
Aslam o Alikum  We need ambassadors from CS & Computer department for our biggest contest of COMPEC  held every year in NUST University of   electrical and mechanical  engineering  ‚óè  Should be responsible ‚óè  Experienced ‚óè  Final year CS student will be preferred  ... ‚óè  Male $ female both are eligible  ‚óè  Every CS student can apply
Which one is best LLB or engineering.
MS Data Science from NUST or FAST? Which one is better and why. Confused 
76.5 aggregate. chances in ME in EME or Civil engineering in H12 campus?
I'm selected in FAST-NU for Electrical Engineering in LHR Campus.. But I cannot afford the fee of this institution.. What could I do now?? Can I get Student Loan, Any Scholarship or any Financial Aid.??... I want to accomplish my dream for studying here.. Any Situation?? PLZ HELP.. #Serious_suggestions_needed
FSC 85% NTS 71 marks (97.18 percentile) Are these good enough for admission in FAST Chiniot?  Please tell
When is nust third merit list. closing merit for psychology
Guys this is the screen of someone who has 90.805% aggregate (o/a levels student with 82.55% at olevels). He applied in BSCV, can anyone tell who got accepted a...nd with what aggregate in BSCV? This guy just got his equivalence certificate (delayed due to covid, academic office told to submit a pdf stating calculated equivalence marks) and submitted it when the University sent him an email on August 3rd to send amd attach his documents with the reply to email. Do you think this is because of the late submission of documents?
Any senior in material engineering department? Want to talk in detail about the field.
Semester fee is 43000 out of which only 13000 is tution fee. The rest is a combination of transport fee, sports fee, Internet fee hostel fee water fee electrici...ty fee etc etc. As we are being taught online so only tution fee should be charged and the left should be waved off... Or else promote us .. stop the drama of online classes..  you've no interest in students learning, your only intrest is collecting fee.. #Shame_on_HEC #Shame_on_gov_poor_policies #No_fee_in_pandemic  #We_are_united #WeWantReliefOnSemesterFee #StudentProtest  Electricity humari, Laptop Humara, Data Package Humara, So why should we pay full fee? Lockdown men sb se zyada Nuqsan University Students ka hua hai. University Students k sath Injustice Na Manzoor.
Mid Level Software Engineer (.Net MVC C#) Techovative, is an IT based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 2 years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: ‚Ä¢ 2 years‚Äô hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net ‚Ä¢ Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server ‚Ä¢ S...trong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. ‚Ä¢ Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts ‚Ä¢ Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness ‚Ä¢ Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience ‚Ä¢ Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment ‚Ä¢ Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery ‚Ä¢ Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers ‚Ä¢ Experience in healthcare related application development is plus ‚Ä¢ Experience in finance related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Aoa I want to civil from main campus What should be merit position lie between??
Can anyone guide me about NUST migration policy and their requirements, if i want to  migrate from other University?
Any WhatsApp/messenger group for SE students?
Merit Number 664 any chance in ACF or BBA?
Assalam o alikum.  All the BBA students study specialization programs in last semesters for example in human resource management(HRM) , Marketing,, Finance etc. I am a student of BBA department in comsats university. I was thinking of doing specialization in supply chain management. Is this a good field or not w.r.t sallary in pakistan and foreign countries  ???? Can anyone please guide ?????? Any seniors ????????
FAST islamabad hostels can i get any information
IBA Admission in MS Management
Are you all still able to update your application or have received any message from the University?
Can anyone tell me the difference between merit list /merit position?? My other question is agar mn CS quetta top pr rakhun apny preference pr(agg 65%),mera naam kis list tk aasakta h??
58.3 Aggregate. Do I have any chances in any field ?
Aoa, my merit no. is 1155 and preference is mechanical engineering eme campus, my name is not present in list. So upto how many lists I have to wait because uet taxila classes are starting from 1st october?? Last year merit was 1362.please guide.
merit position#1475 any chance for EE from SEECS??
Hello, I want to ask about my chances in getting admission in BS Economics this year at S3H NUST this year. I have merit no. 684, last year it stopped at 820. I want to know my chances, in which merit list would I supposedly be if yes? I have taken admission in another university, and want to ask for refund at the earliest opportunity if I have good chances of getting into NUST. My classes start tomorrow, 21st Sept.
Asslalam u alaikum........ Congratulations to all the members of the group who got selected today in BS and MS at NUST.and Best of luck to everyone........... Kindly seniors tell me the last year closing merit position for MS in Energy Systems Engineering (USPCASE).
FAST School of Management with its undergraduate programs and graduate programs tends to provide a pathways for students to pursue their career.While on the other hand strives to transform its students into Future Leaders and Strategists.
Would it better to join BS in DS rather than joining BS in CS or in BS SE ?? I am from karachi but wanna get admission in Islamabad campus .. my percentage is 88.4% in XI
I got admission in BS (EE) in fast islamabad . Can anyone tell me about the elect engineering of fast .beacuse i have not any other option.
I have been selected in Fast islamabad . Now can i send all my documents fully completed with DD  or is it really necessary for me to visit now . if i do not visit now , will it cause admission problems . I am from hyd and its damn difficult to go to isb campus just for verification ... Help needed seniors .
I got 164 merit position I applied for MSCS but not selected...Is there any chance?
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS & BDS) Closing Aggregates (After 2nd Merit list)
You‚Äôve got the invitation? Have you got the right address and dates? That's right, the DramaFest team eagerly awaits your arrival at FAST NUCES Lahore on 7th an...d 8th March 2020.  Don't miss out on this university's greatest event. DROP EVERYTHING & DANCE because there are JUST 5 DAYS TO GO.üíÉüèª
Can anyone tell the complete list of documents which are to be submitted?
Civil Nice closing for 1st list ?
Aoa. Guys My aggregate is 75.13. Can I get admission In Bscs In Fast Lahore. Plz guide.
NED University Admissions Update (Eligibility Criteria)
Whats the last merit on 1st list for bs phy
Is Grading in DLD course still absolute or relative ??
What about the scope of civil eng in future after graduating from nust in pak and in abroad
Shall we change our preferences immediately or can we take our time till 12? Please be quick guys
Is gap year for PNEC NUST  worth it? Or should I apply in some other university?
Listen I have applied in both B's accounting and finance plus bba Got message of selection in B's accounting and finance becz it was my first priority So if I wanna switch to bba ,would there b way ? Plus I have also applied for financial aid what about that????... According to schedule ,there would be 6 to13 call over time ,for financial aid applicant (so when will they inform for that)
Hello everyone,i hope you all are fine,few days ago,some student here in this group asked for course material of object oriented programming,and few other courses,i wanted to send that time but i forgot,here is the link from where you can access the material,i did bachelors in computer science from bahria university,so contents might be bit different then the Fast univerity but concept are same,the google drive contains slides for : 1)Object oriented programming C++ 3)Discrete mathematics Its for your own self learning,and if anyone needs some more material regarding computer courses,i will give it for free)i have stored all the contents from semester 1 to 8),i will advise you all to save and store your semester notes,files in organized way,it will help you in future as well,if i have,i will share insha Allah.Share it with others,study hard and study well :)
Last merit no. Of bs phy in 2nd list?
Karachi University Enrollment Card Update Jin Bacho Ne Enrollment or Fees Jama Kara De Hai wo 11 January Se Karachi University Se Apna Admit Card Hasil Kar Sakte Hain. Department wise Schedule bht Jald Website per Update Kar Dia Jayega.
I have applied for FAST Karachi since two weeks haven't got the SMS conformation yett
Faculty of Business and Management Sciences hosted a guest lecture titled ‚ÄúBuilding Beautiful Minds for Future Leaders‚Äù under the banner of Creative Management Workshops by Mr. Nasser Aziz.  Nasser obtained his Master‚Äôs degree in management from Yale University. He has taught as a faculty member at Lahore University of Management Sciences and currently is part of their adjunct faculty. He specializes in designing and conducting customized training programs for organizations l...ike Lahore University of Management Sciences, NUST, National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES/FAST), COMSAT, Pakistan Administrative Staff College, National Institute of Public Administration, Joint Services Staff College, Navy War College, Kapco, Engro, Nestle, Unilever, Abbott, Glaxo SmithKline & Beecham, Techlogix Pakistan, Shell, Indus Motors, Mobilink, FMC Pakistan, Pakistan cricket team and National Cricket Academy.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @Tahira Chaudhary
FAST CFD Campus pays its heartfelt tribute to the father of the nation, Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah. There will never be another one like you!
NBC CS ka closing merit
Got 50-60 marks in NU test & 3.8 CGPA in last degree any chance of admission in MSCS, MSCNS & MS Data Science???
Any idea about closing merit of SE ISB campus?
Anyone here who has applied for ehsas scholarship phase 2????
 P.S  Is the IBCC office open? Or are they still accepting couriers only?
Is there anyone from BSDS??
Fast faisalbad campis kaisa ha study k lihaz sa please guide me
Last Year MCAT NTS Paper for MBBS/BDS (Govt & Private Medical Colleges)
All those who were in waiting list for Lahore/Peshawar campus. They may check the website. Revised merit list have been updated on website.
I was Eligible for BSAI in Islamabad...so yesterday i went and have got admission in BSAI..but they have not sent me  any info about Admission confirmation on my Gmail ...anyone know when they will send me details about admission confirmation? Plz !
Asalamu-alaikum..  I want to do MS in Software Engineering from Fast University, can anyone please help me that what type of test Fast university have for MS students? is there any guide with anyone to share ..? thanks!
Academics Office today hosted an orientation meeting ahead of the upcoming entrance tests at ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
Matric 93% 1st year 84% Chance in AI/Software in FAST-nu Islamabad campus???
Is comsat is best for computer engg or nust?
Islamabad: Female Customer Relationship Officer required for a leading IT company in Islamabad 
CS from FAST or Software Engineering from NUST?
Do they mention name of the campus (city) in degree?
Got admission in FAST_CFD?..i have to go or not?
Govt Medical Colleges Closing Aggregates for MBBS/BDS (Last three years)
Some notes for preparation of net maths pt2 . Hope they help you out
Assalam o Alikum! Anyone who needs a hostel for karachi campus  kindly contact the numbers given below.
I'm selected in material engineering, SCME. I want to take this field. What do I do now? I've emailed and informed them. That's it?
1st of all congratulations to selected candidates. Now tell me, who got scholarship...??? Or everyone received a voucher of 147k...???
Can anyone tell me about hostels in Islamabad near FAST ?
Punjab university BA/BSc and MA/msc 2020-2021 admission schedule (for private)
People selected for LLB in 2nd Merit list drop your merit number.
Dow University Admissions 2018  (BBA/MBA)
Undergraduate Selected candidate (3rd Merit List ) Admissions Fall-2020.
Am i required to submit original results of O levels ? Equivalency bannay ka lia dena hai  One more thing equivalency ka lia statement of result jayegi ya general certificate jayega?
Last merit position of second list for   bs chemistry.
890 merit position  Any chance to got admission in mass gomm. ? Closing merit in 2nd list for mass com is 654 and its the lowest merit  from all disiplines of S3H except LLB
 Admissions for MS(CS), MS(EE), MBA and PhD(CS )at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Pre Medical also can apply for CS SE IT
I made some notes for preperation of net of maths 1st year . Hope they help you out
Aggregate is 65.7% any chances in electrical in PNEC? Or CS from RawalPindi ??
Hello Candidates    It is looking merit will be high and expected merit will be  above 88% for morning and 85% for evening. It is not official but you should secure your admission in other universities too. So, having a option is good thing. No. of students have applied in both campuses and they can choose only 1 campus after appearing names in Merit lists. Also many students will not secure admission in PUCIT as they already gone to other universities. So, seats will be occu...pied respectively. #Merit prediction is same as previous. #Stay_Hopefull
What was the closing merit position of Psychology last year ?
Dow University Admissions 2019-20  (DPT &  BS Fields) Forms will be available from tomorrow.
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 1st Year (Chemistry)
Smme me kon kon select hua hai apna merit no. Btao.Who all have been selected in the smme, their merit number. Tell me.
To make it easier than a... piece of cake for you, our expert organizers have introduced a QR code to access the registration form online. Scan the code to participate and find yourself in the middle of the field all buckled up to win the championship.
Can anyone tell me about ist uni and it's fee structure
Salam, I am applying for MCS admissions. I want to prepare for the admission test. Can anybody guide about the subjects to study for the computer science part. Thanks in advance.
Dawood University Admissions Updates
Karachi University Last Year Closing Percentages  (Evening Bachelors Programs) Test Based Departments = In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate percentage after passing Entry Test. Open Merit Departments = In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate percentage without any Test.
70 aggregate any chance in bscs islamabad campus ?
Can you avoid the obstacle??? If not, then let your robot do this for you. Sentec hosting yet another competition in this year‚Äôs mperc ‚Äúrobo road‚Äù. A great chan...ce to show your hidden potentials in devising a manually operated robot and beating  the rest. As the robot is yours and the road is ours. Make sure your robot ace it in most convincing manner avoiding the hindrances and reaching the milestone with ease and winning the competition. Its all about your think-tank and the perfection you persue in your robot! Your robot accuracy rate your ranking. Lets gather the ideas going and leave an impact in this year mega event! Sentec awaits you so why delay!! The rulebook for the Roborush Competition is out üí• https://docs.google.com/‚Ä¶/1sl4a9KJBNO1IOyVDHPkqkV‚Ä¶/viewform‚Ä¶
Interested ppl apply ASAP with my reference
While the rates rise up, we all make sure to stock up our pantries with food items.
Can anybody know the aggregate of merit no 1 in software engg
Govt Medical Colleges Admissions 2019 (Only for Karachi Candidates) Few Open Merit & Self Finance BDS Seats are available.
Guys ! What about MS(CS) of FAST ???  Is it worthy as BS(CS) ?? Please Guide me Because I have selected in ISB Campus for MS(CS) ...
Agg. 74% any chance in SE in lahore campus
The affidavit in hostel form regarding covid is for those  returning to University ya phir so wese hi hai ?
Salam, I want to take admission in FAST   BCS. I want to take admission in spring. Can I take admission in spring. If I can, then what are the procedures?kindly inform me.
By mistake I have received the letter of Agha Muhmmad Usman FAST ISLAMABAD EE ARN#1827175. If someone knows him kindly inform him.
ASSALAM O ALYKUM  I want to ask a thing Is FAST FAISALABAD campus better or NUTECH?
Due to the Covid19 situation in the country the fee increase has been suspended for Fall 2020 Semester.
Those selected in the  3rd list for BBA drop your merit position
What is the closing merit for  Bs chemistry in 2nd list.
Anyone who knows transport from bahria town side who has route other than 7:00 am also ??
Anyone knows the procedure of fee refund from PIEAS!
1st list of software was stopped at 459? And on whom did the second list stop?
BBA from FAST khi campus? Good or bad?
Last Year Closing Aggregate?
Asalamu alykum anyone who applied at fast and itu both for mscs/ds and got accepted in both and is now opting for itu? Is ITU's Cs better?
Hey, can guys tell me about programming languages they use in FASTNUCES during the first two semester?
NUST Business School (NBS)  vs  Lahore School of Economics (LSE) ?
 So the question is that.....  1 : why the per semester hostel accommodation of EME is 49,000/-  while in H-12 it is 24,000/-
Which university is best for cs???
Merit ~ 95% .Can anyone tell me about the scholarships .....and how to apply for them.
Has anyone confirmed that is campus opening from Monday or tuesday ?
Is dere anyone who knows about when will merit list of MS nust display?
How can MS students of get enrolled in the subjects of semester 1
How can i change my preferences now.???
Kindly someone tell me whether MSDS is offered in morning or evening times?  Let's suppose online classes are conducted at 6 to 9 pm in weekdays and 9 to 1 pm in weekends. Same time table might be followed for in campus??
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Physics)
Anyone who has applied for refund of fees of uet taxila
Any hostilize MS student from CEME ?
Need help preparing for FAST's admission test? Here are the topics included in the test and the outline. 
How to prepare for the test
A levels students ka quota system hota ha? like seats reserved for A levels students?
Anyone selected in BS Maths or BS physics in 4th list? Drop your merit positions
I got eligible for CS in fast Islamabad 2nd list, so do I have to give some application to confirm my admission or just pay the dues and submit the form?
This is to notify that the CFD campus will remain closed on Wednesday, 16th December, 2015 on account of APS attack victims. Campus will resume its operation on Thursday, 17th December, 2015. From 17th December, 2015 regular date sheet shall be followed and the paper of 16th December, 2015 shall be rescheduled by the academic office.
Lahore m pcr test kahan se hoga public sector m?
When will the registrations for the upcoming NET 1 open?
I got conditionally selected for FAST Peshawar for BS(CS) but my aggregate is 65. Should I expect to be selected in Isl campus or no?
How much marks should I have in fast nu test to get admission in electrical engineering in islamabad  I have 829 Matric and 398 in fsc part 1?
Everyone my merit number is 1431,, Yr i need help, I've applied only for computer science, software & civil ,only NUST H-12. The help I'm asking you for is, k ap mn sy jis jis ny in 3 disciples mn apply keya ha, or select hogae ho ya nhi ho,, plz apna merit nmbr btaty jao, ta k mjhy aik idea aa jye,, otherswise I'll lose a lot of money. 
Need info about hostels near fast!!!!
Asalamu alykum. Anyone enrolled in mscs at fast? Could u tell which subjects would be studied in the first semester?
Are there high job opportunities after graduation from fast in BSSE? Need guidance
Fast University Win the prize ......
My Aggregate is 47.54 Any Chance in BBA in Fast
List of Selected Candidates (Pharm-D & DPT)
Attention Please I hope you are all fine i'm student of computer science i want to make final project in field of Artificial intellegence or any Voice recognization like projects please suggest me some projects for final year projects
MS DS Merit Position 84. Not selected.
Well I missed the last date for admission in Islamabad campus any way I can apply now?
68.638% aggregate....Seecs me CS me koi chance hai ya Rawalpindi computer engineering me? Plz guide anyone k kis computer related field me or kis campus me chances hn??
AoA. Anyone here wants to do swap from Islamabad to Faisalabad campus??? If anyone interested for swapping and anyone wants money (for his/her semester fee) and anyone who's warning counts are 2 ( His/Her warning removes if he/she changed the campus ) or tag someone who interested for swap plzz contact me....!!!
Guidance for nuces entry test(Alevel student)?
Merit number:776 Last year closing merit:945 (for psychology)  I cannot understand what this merit position is please helpppp!
I have merit position 1967 and with first preference Computer Engineering EME. The first merit list closed at 1635 so what are my chances of getting selected? Also upto which list? Please help because I‚Äôm really confused as I‚Äôve to submit the fee today
when will 2nd list be available on Fast
I got 84 marks in nts nat ics and my aggregrate of fast uni is 80.725 so any chance in bscs through nts merit plz tell me
Can anyone guide me about the timings of our lectures of MS(DS) 1st Semester and how do we register for them?
Who are coming to BS Chemistry batch 2020....?
Congratulations to our MSCS re 84 not selected. Anyone from ms data Science share their Merit position who got selected?
Hello everyone I have a one Question this is their is no admission test we will be selected on the bases of results! So if in case the situation can't come in control! so we also have to attend/take the online classes? For the 1st sem??
Which is better plzz guide  and which has more scope
Economics vs accounting and finance scope and difficulty level?
Can Anyone tell me that in Fast nuces Karachi, In 1st semester which programming language is taught and how to prepare for 1st semester before the commencement of classes ?
What is the closing merit for BS Chemistry in 3rd list?
What is the number of seats in bba in nust ?
Anyone who got selected for LLB.. Kindly share your merit position
What is the merit of bs international relation in Islamic university
anybody has closing merits 2019 for engineering and CS please share in cmnts,
NUST me to hona nhn admission, tell me how's Bahria University for BSCS? TIA
Merit. No 4249 Is there any chance of admission in Environmental Engineering in Nust and if possible in which merit list?
I applied for BS CS, SE & AI in Islamabad campus. My aggregate is 79.8 % and I've not been selected in any of respective field. But it has shown me eligible in Peshawar in BS CS and BS SE. Will there be any 2nd merit list? If yes than will they consider me in Islamabad because they've already allocated me in Peshawar's Campus. Also I was expecting my name in AI in Islamabad campus.
Fast ke entry test past papers kesi ke paas hain  Don't ignoreüòßüòßüòß
Any Email from hostels of EME?
Liaquat National Hospital Admissions 2018 (BS Clinical Laboratory Sciences)
Universities Admission Updates
Does anybody know the number of seats for Biosciences in NUST so that after knowing the merit number I can guess my probabilty of selection.
Any Senoir Of BBA OR BSCS  plzz let me know i want to discuss something by them
Anyone having merit position between 450 to 460 plz drop your aggregate.
Does Anyone have idea when NUST will announce merit numbers?
 1.  I have got admission in FAST  BSCS . I want to learn a programming language, which one should I learn (Please give reason). 2. Does FAST provide any fee concession to the students who secure top 5 or 10 position in a semester?
Your merit position and preferences in nbs and s3h?
If anyone has course codes so kindly provide me.
1104...merit position chances in bs chemistry
Will the orientation be online? If so will the semester for freshman be online too? And if not, when do classes start?
Admissions are Open in ITU lahore ?
Do you have any query ? Are you confused about NTS and FAST Admission Test? Do you know that Last date of submission of application is June 29, 2013? Are you confused about your career? | Inbox us all your queries and get immediate solution. Our admission Team is all set to facilitate you.
matric 780/1050 ist year 324/520 test me kitne marks hon tu EE me chances hai
Name the best University in Islamabad For IT...Only Name one University...!!!
what programming languages are taught at SEECS for computer science?
Merit number 2465. Any chance in Chemical engineering (closing merit 2487)? My first preference is Chemical engineering, is it risk?
Do u recommend Electrical engineering from fast Islamabad
Yar 2020 addmission merit list kab announce  hoga  kisi k pas informations hai?
What are MS admissions schedule #Fall_Semester
fast karachi and Islamabad   per semesters fees ??  and please guide me  step by step after test and after merit  list  what to do next and how to do ? plz
713 any chance in MCS...
can anybody kindly tell me about the closing merit positions in third list of the following 1. Bs Phy 2. Bs Maths 3. Bs Chem 4. Material engineering... 5. Environmental engineering 6. Geo informatics engineering Also can you tell me the engineering field with lowest merit in the third list.
Merit position 937 which will be best electrical or civil from main campus
infor related to BS Medical Technology Admissions 2017 in Clinical Laboratory Sciences.?Eligibility 
Anyone Having Idea about Closing Merit of SMME in first list.??
Anyone coming for mechatronics engineering
I got enrolled in BSCS and am looking for programming laptop which is cost effective.
Dow University Admissions 2019-20 (Postgraduate Programs)
An exhibition of the semester projects of FAST School of Computing was organized in the auditorium. Innovative and Productive Ideas were implemented on Bread Boards, ICS and transistor. Director of the campus aling with HoDs visited the projects and highly appreciated the efforts of Faculty and Students.
Anyone knows CS closing merit for 1st merit list???
Fast Management society is gratified to welcome, Salman Khan, a social media influencer and a versatile actor and performer from the crew of "Karachi Vynz". FMS... is graced to have him as the celebrity judge for the video challenge. We are eager to witness utmost enthusiasm among our contestants, as the youth's social media inspiration honours us with his presence.
In which university admissions of CA are open in rwp and Islamabad??
Mere aggregate 63.50 bana hai  Any chance in BSCS? FAST Islamabad
Special Innovative Design by Fast University Businesses Student's  is it right ?
Offering Admissions in MS CS, MS EE, MBA (1.5 Years)
When will undergraduate merit lists be published?
This course is a free thinking course where you will be presented with theories and the types of crime and certain laws and codes in practice globally. This introductory course in Criminology focuses on providing a critical understanding of the basics of institutions, processes and p...ractices that govern this field of behavioural science. The course will also cover the role of popular media in criminal studies, crime fiction and the current trends in social media that have redefined policy making such as cyber bullying and cybercrime. Using this backdrop, the research-intensive program primarily aims to strengthen students‚Äô writing skills, creative as well as critical thinking skills by assigning and conducting research papers and various writing modules. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
which one is best with respect to job and scope. If someone want to guide me in comment section then plzz guide brother your comments are highly appreciated.
To all the people who have already been selected in BS CS and SE...pls comment down below if you want to upgrade, or if this was ur first preference. Or if u want to leave for some other reason. Also, people selected in the first merit list, how many of you gave up you seat???
 They just want to know about willingness , they did not tell any field. Matlab Ab seat to confirm hy na??
Salam every one i am Faraz new in this group anyone from master data science student here? Please reply asap
Anyone Selected for BBA in Islamabad ? Agg.,?
any update on hostel allotment in EME?
Matric   984/1050 FSC   874/1100 NET-3  150/200 Aggregate 77.53  Is this agg enough for BBA ?
Anyone who got selected in S3H and isn't interested in admission? I mean if they already have taken admission in other institution?
Yo guys. People who got into bs maths in the 4 th list drop down their merit positions. Need to estimate the closing merit
Dow IMT Oreintation Day Update 
- Do you know that you can apply for any programme for any campus from any campus of FAST-National University? For example: If you want to apply for BS(Civil Engineering) in Lahore Campus, You can apply and appear for test in any other campus of FAST
489 merit position chances in software engineering
What is closing merit for machenical islamabadFor those who are waiting for NUST have you guys secured your seat in any other uni?  I have given my COMSATS fee, but classes are starting soon and I don‚Äôt know if I should refund my fee or not.
Bachelor Programs BBA BS (Accounting & Finance) BS (Computer Science) BS (Software Engineering) Graduate Programs MBA MS (Management Science) MS (Economics Science) MS (Computer Science) MS (Electrical Engineering) Career Transition Programs MBA MCA MS (Project Management) Doctoral Programs
Aslam Alaiikum all, To avoid killing your time, I will try my best to keep the announcement as precise and brief as possible. The prime and sole purpose of this post is to seek graduates preferably from Islamabad and Rawalpindi with Electronics/Electrical or Software Engineering background, who are willing to work on a startup relevant to Home Automation as a team. On top of that, who are responsible and committed enough to achieve short term targets by investing their energi...es and time with patience. All you need to put is the investment in terms of dedication and time. If you‚Äôre interested, please contact me for further discussion. DISCLAIMER: It is not a job opportunity, it‚Äôs a business plan instead. NOTE: Please use your official Facebook ID to contact me in order to get response.
The Careers360 offer highly specialized knowledge Engineering Training's & Careers counseling for those seeking to learn from peers operating at the highest lev...els of their chosen disciplines. We can help you access deep insights and uncover new opportunities for your career. We provide 100%job placement assistance, guaranteedüëçüèª
Please guide confused. Those who have been admitted in SCEE. This is a part of NICE SCEE???
#DUHS DPT & BS fields Admissions 2018-19
Dow BS Radiology Entry Test Result
Aoa! I just need help with one thing. I am very worried about people saying that studying at FAST is very hectic and they put dc on everything. And fail most of the students.???? Seniors plz guide that these are rumors or not.????
Agar two separate departments mai apply karen tou preference available hoti? I have applied for applied bioscience and bs chemistry but no preference or priority order appearing?
Merit position is 4383 chances in computer science?
PLEASE KOI HELP KR DY MERI  NET 1 KA TEST HOGA YA NH IS BAR Q K 1ST YEAR K PAPERS NH HUE OR PROMOTE KR DIYA IS LIYE HAMARA 1ST YEAR RESULT BH NH AYA SO AB KOI GUIDE KR DY
For all the girls asking for hostel in Islamabad  This is one of the fast recommended hostels Rehana Kousar Kousar is the warden here you can contact her on the cell number provided
Salam..my aggregate is 81.9%..what chance is it there for me to get admission in BS SE? And what kind of interview will they conduct?
Is there any increase in charges for selecting more than one Academic Discipline for Admission in Fast ? Anyone can tell me?
DUHS Entry Test for Pharm-D / BS Biotechnology / BS Nursing /Post RN 
In which year FAST-NU ISB started offering SE ?and are they really good at it like Comsats ?
75 aggregate chances in BBA?
Kia fast ka entry test hoga fall 2020 mein??
Is there any  scope of computer engg from any uni?
Anyone selected in 4th list of industrial design?
What is the cut off merit for BSCS in Isl and Lahore campus?
We have to apply in each campus separately or just in one campus?? Explain plz
What is the difference between computer science and software engineering?
Anyone got admission in fast isb on nts base?
Anyone selected in 2nd list of MS Healthcare Biotechnology? Kindly drop your merit positions!
Merit number: 624 What social sciences and business studies fields I‚Äôm eligible for to get into?  And for further upgradation?
What the last date to apply?
Anyone knows expected merit for cs or SE in fast nu Cfd campus ?
got 93rd position in MsDS and not selected in first list. any chances?
Koi Ms computer network and security Ka student ha is group me ..
Closing merit of environmental engineering and Geo informatics in 2nd list???
Assalam u Alaikum I need lab journals(practice questions in lab) as well as any project of CS student.. Any 1? Agr ksi kai pass zip file mai bhi hain tau 03165048872... Pr whatsapp kr dein ÿßŸÑŸÑ€Å ÿ¢Ÿæ ⁄©Ÿà ÿ¢ÿ≥ÿßŸÜ€åÿß⁄∫ ÿπÿ∑ÿß ŸÅÿ±ŸÖÿßÿ¶€í ÿßŸàÿ± ÿ¢ÿ≥ÿßŸÜ€åÿß⁄∫ ÿ™ŸÇÿ≥€åŸÖ ⁄©ÿ±ŸÜ€í ⁄©ÿß ÿ¥ÿ±ŸÅ ÿπÿ∑ÿß ŸÅÿ±ŸÖÿßÿ¶€å⁄∫ üòä
Want to know more about FAST CFD campus? Tune in to catch our Director and Head of Departments live on radio!
Is there anyone who is going from Karachi to Peshawar as a migrant to study BSCS in FAST?
Can someone explain how prefrences and merit lists work. My merit position is 229 if i dont get in bba in first list will it put me in my 2nd prefrence? Also will i have to pay fees then?
People selected for industrial design please drop your merit positions
will the aggregate  of the new Fields in NUCES ISB(AI and Cyber security) be low required or will they all require a higher aggregate this year?
Assalam o alaikum! So i got admission in seecs electrical but still waiting for cs 3rd merit list... Anyways can anyone tell me about private hostels near Islamabad campus? Thanks in advance!
Seecs or eme for electrical or seecs for software engineering??. Need suggestions please
Computer engineering from eme Software from mcs?
bscs from fast ya environmental sciences from quaid e azam kindly give me opinions
Do you have questions about FAST School of Management? Want to know more about campus life at FAST-NU CFD Campus?  Join us in our Facebook Live Session with the Alumni of FAST School of Management, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus on July 10th, 2020 at 8:00 PM. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
do we need to submit all the required documents on the first day of joining, i.e. 19th of october, or on orientation day? thank you in advance!
My aggregate is 45 %. Any chance in A&F or Cyber Security?
Assalam-o-Alaikum!... All Brothers, Sisters, Seniors & Juniors of all departments of NUST. (Please help us...... We really need your help and kind support) All of you understand and feel, how much it is difficult to prepare for NETs. Students spend their precious time and money, just to take admission in NUST. Even, some students waste their 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST.  Now, if someone is get selected in LL.B and doesn't have LAT Score, is it fair to drop him/her for not having LAT score, even he/she has already wasted his/her 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST? If he/she has worked hard and has got 130+ score. Is it justice to ignore their NET score just for LAT? I'm more than hopeful, all of you will understand our problem. We've already wasted our 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST. Please help us and save our golden years. EMAIL Email Address(s) studenthelpdesk@nust.edu.pk ugadmissions@nust.edu.pk satadmissions@nust.edu.pk naukhez.sarwar@nbs.nust.edu.pk prog.coord@nbs.nust.edu.pk ahkhan@s3h.nust.edu.pk I'm writing this email to make a request to you. It's humble request to you, please allow the students to take admission in LLB program on provisional basis (without LAT). Please allow the selected candidates to appear in next LAT and ask them to submit 50% LAT score. In case, if they succeed to secure more than or equal to 50% LAT score, then let them to continue their studies. In other case, if they get less than 50% LAT score, drop them immediately. And, judicial paper should be used for this purpose.
Can anybody guide me regarding mdcat ?  How to apply n last date to apply there??
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning)?
My aggregate is 87.52. I am not eligible is CS and SE in Lahore campus. But I am eligible in SE in Islamabad campus. CS closing merit in Islamabad is 88. Should I submit my fees in SE or wait for the third list? My first preference is CS. What should I do?
my preferences are  1-SE 2-CS 3-EE I want to change my preferences it is possible or not i have given my test???????????
Any Ms EE student here ?
Dow Oreintation Day Update for Doctor of Pharmacy Students
I've applied in FAST uni on the basis of NTS Will I get admission on the basis of NTS or they will take my entry test for the admission????
Which university is best for BS(computer science)
Merit position 1360, any chance for LLB or BS psychology?
I have selected in material engg but wants computer engg, should i wait for 4rth list or take admission n apply fot transfere
Anyone from Abbottabad who got admission in Fast (isb campus)
Anyoen doing MS in CNS from islamabad?   Or any person who is graduated with this degree?
Merit position 1489. Any chance in CS? Or EE H-12? Or Should I go for EE from EME?
FAST considers Inter part 1 marks and entry test marks for admission. This year, students of Inter part 1 will be given marks according to their result in part 2 next year. Will FAST wait for the result of Inter part 2 marks or will FAST consider matric marks for admission?
what were the last merit positions in the second selection list for Bachelors: 1) BBA. 2) Bs Accounting and finance.... 3) Bs Economics. 4) Bs Public administration. 5) Bs mass com. 6) Bs Psychology. 7) llb (hons).
4th merit list has been uploaded.
Am i the only one jis ko joining instructions nhi milen?for seecs
Any body can guide me...How is the field of AI(Artificial Intelligence) studying in Fast University.... I'm New here.... I need a lot of Guideness related to this field.....I have recently completed fsc...I'm worried too due to corona pandemic....My marks in matric is 89%..in fsc 79%.
CS student here: What programming language should I learn? I was studying vbn until now.
Bhai aaj last day hai prefernce select krne kaa I am confused ki Nust Cs kruu ya Nust ee.. Cs islye soch rha kyu ke uska boht zyada scope hai Aur ee me sb keh rhy ki jobs nhi mlti
ITU hosts CS Colloquium which is a platform where researchers from various prestigious universities give research talks to the students of ITU.  This is the 4th talk in the second chapter of CS Colloquium. In this talk, Dr. Mehvish Irfan Poshni (Ph.D. from Columbia University, USA) is going to give a talk to students on April 02, 2019 at 11 AM. The title of the talk is: 'Gracefulness of a Certain Class of Lobsters'.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Tahir Parwaz
For admission in Ms in NU do I have to give NAT or GAT?
Yrr i cant find the application form for fast karachi its mentioning ka admission closed  Can anyone guide me?
What is the closing merit for chemical engineering?
Koi  asa student jis ka is year Nust EEP ma admission hova ho wo kindly ye bta da k does nh total kitni fee pay ki ha owr only first semester ki kitni fee ha?
I have selected in NBC for CS... should i pickup the opportunity????
Acca or software engineering????
University is not just about the grades. It's about what it feels like to be at a home away from home, it's about preparing yourself for the real world, it's about having a golden period of life, and making the fire to lighten up a candle.  At FAST NUCES CFD Campus, we make sure that you explore yourself, and enjoy your life to the fullest to achieve whatever you want to!
Private Medical Colleges Closing Aggregate 2018-19 (MBBS/BDS)
Completed my online form filling but now getting no option, how to submit it?
Whether fast university take their own test instead of taking nts for university or do they want students to take first nts test and then fast nu test?
our team has decided to help candidate regarding thier universities admission and career guidance. join this group for this
Closing merit of software engineering (mcs) rawalpindi?
How many seats are there for MS chemistry?
People got admission in 2nd merit list in NICE H-12 please!drop your merit.
i have 74% in 1st year but overall 61%. If i take gap year will universities calculate aggregate by using only 1st year marks or use overall number of fsc to calculate aggregate.Plz some help me.
If someone has 48% marks in matric and 60% fsc is he eligible for admission
anybody know last date of fee submission of 2 merit list of Fast University
Will anyone please guide me about the admission in FAST karachi .. I have no idea please .
Islamabad ka Kon Kon jiska Peshawar fast mein admission hoa
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering.?
Please apply if you belong to IT or software engineer or you know some one tage him to apply
What about NUST BS MATHEMATICS??
 Do you have what it takes to rise to the top? Can you be the last one standing? If yes, start revising ...your codes, make room for new batteries and test your Robots at RoboRumble at SOFTEC'20! For all pros and creators of mechanics, it's time to showcase your talent and prove everyone your quality at the biggest IT Extravaganza of Pakistan. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #RoboRumble #Robots #Battle #CreateWhatMatters
for bscs fast islamabad or comsats lahore or itu. which one is best.Can we transfer after one semester from one campus to other in fast. need advice
Hi new member üëãüèª Just wanna ask how is fast ? And admission details
What was the closing merit for CS NBC quetta?
I wanted recommendations on bachelors in artificial intelligence from Fast Islamabad campus, Is it a good option? I have great interest in Artifical Intelligence but I am confused whether doing ai degree at fast Islamabad would be worth or not? Opinions/suggestions of everyone will be  highly appreciated...
Bilawal Medical College Jamshoro (For Boys) Main Admissions Bht Jald Shuru Hojaenge. Suna Hai Karachi Walo Ke Seats Bhi Hai.
Is it best to do  bs artificial intelligence from fast ? Is any  student available  who is currently doing bs artificial intelligence from fast? Scope of AI?
Those who got selected in software engg, drop your score(s)
Lumber 1 CS university :)
I applied in Lahore campus. Will i be able to apply in BSCs or BsDs in Islamabad if the islamabad‚Äôs merit drops or seats open?
I have been selected in LLB which is my 3rd preference, but now i will to go for PA which is 4rth preference. Ab Change preference form fill krna hoga?
i belong to a middle class family and i went to elite class schools on scholarships and i was bullied for that, i am selected in FAST and just wanted to know if this class difference matters in Fast or other elite universites in general
Hello everyone i want to ask if i am eligible for karachi and take admission there and then my name come in 2nd merit list then can i move back to isb campus?
63 aggregate any chances in bs economics??
Can I get in contact with someone from Karachi studying in FAST Faislabad Campus(BSCS)
Hello guys I had a question regarding fast How hard is it to garduate from fast? I am in my final year A levels in cs and looking forward to do computer science. Everyone says that fast is best for cs but I hear very scary things like pressure is alot and many people either fail or drop out... I am an above average student. Can you please guide that how hard it is in fast and  how to survive? Thanks
Here in the merit position of last year Quetta is not mentioned. Do we need to apply separately for quetta?
Which one is the best option if someone is interested in Both Mechanical as well as civil engnrng 1- Civil Engineering (Nust NICE H-12) 2- Mechanical Engineering (EME-Sub campus) Please don't scroll without dropping your opinion here .My Friend have chances to get in both of the fields and he is really confused . Suggest the best field keeping in view the scope of both fields as well as the campus life..
Hostel milne ki confirmation kab tak ae gi? Any idea?How long will the confirmation of meeting the hostel come? Any idea?
Is there a hostel facility in FAST(karachi campus).
Kindly someone please tell me that the score which the fast university site is showing. Is it score of our test or aggregate?
Merit position 917  Chances in electrical engineering on SEECS? 1st list mn*
I want to change my campus form isb to lahore how can i aggregate 67.06
Any advice for master's test preperation ?
What about NBS is the merit list out yet?
Anyone who prepared for nbs test from nearpeer please comment
Aoa. Thoughts on mechatronics engineering? Any senior from mechatronics engineering here?
anybody know what's the closing merit of mcs electrical engineering in 3rd merit list??
I got selected in FAST BSCS in Lahore Campus. Is there anyway I can switch to Islamabad Campus before the University starts in August? I want to switch due to personal reasons. It there is a way could you kindly explain it to me ? Thank You
Please help in accordance with future of both degrees
Anyone from pesh campus? Plx comments i have queries
Fast University Admissions Updates
I didn‚Äôt get Admission in CS ISB but I got Adm in SE .. I want honest advice ... As we all have heard how much value FAST has of CS but Does SE has the same value? I am confused..
EME (NUST) mechanical engineering  Vs  IST aerospace Which is better option?
Anybody knows Fast Isl MBA classes timings??
My merit position is 58 .Are there any chances of admission in MS physics?
ALHAMDULILLAH!HOSTEL ALLOTED FINALLY. 2ND LIST K BAAD APPLY KIYA THA JUST RECEIVED MAIL.
BBA ma essay ka marks add hotae hain ? Mera agg 63 bn raha ??
Anyone got admission in chemical engineering UET KSK
Chemical engineering selected in 1st merit list; please drop your merit position
What was closing merit of economics in 1st list?
Anyone knows architecture closing merit for 3rd list???
Private hostels near eme
Anyone here who got selected in bs Architecture but won't be taking admission in it?
What's the lsst merit position for industrial design in 3rd list?
Llb selected candidates drop your merit no?? Please
Bscs from Nust or PUCIT???
I submitted the hostel application a day ago and selected the option of "unpaid" where it said "admission dues:". I just cleared my admission dues, i hope that this wont affect the hostel selection process in any way?
Which is better for CIVIL engineering? From every aspect
Admissions Sneak Peak: 1. A student can apply for multi-campuses now on a single test. 2. A student can apply on NTS or SAT or FAST-Online Admission Test
Recommend hostel for fast islamabd?
Which One is best according to studies scope and jobs ??? International relations or peace and conlflict studies .
hello guys, i got the selected msg for Ms(CNS) can anyone of u tell me the credentials which i need to take with me for addmission and also the first appearence fee... thanks..
BSCS from FAST Islamabad or NUST??
Is the merit of bba going to drop or increase this year,because some of the students having good merit positions have opted for Accounting and finance,psychology so what is the prediction?
Any one here who got selected to llb drop your merit position and aggregate
Kya Karachi University K Open Merit (Morning) Admissions Forms Ke Date Extend Kar De Gae Hain?.
Aslamoalikum! How to change preference from bba to bs accounting and finance?!
Anyone selected in ID in the 3rd list. And plz mention your merit no.
Those who have bba first prefrence comment below and tell your merit number mine is 229*
SE from Fast or Computer Engineering from Nust (EME )?
BS computer science Islamabad campus ki orientation kab ha..??  Anyone know about it..
Any info about lists?
 Do you think you own a mixture of multidisciplinary skills ranging from complex Mathematics, Statistics..., Computer Science, Communication and Business? If yes then this is the right time to show the world! Prove how intelligent your code is by participating in SOFTEC'20's Artificial Intelligence competition sponsored by OMNO AI which is one of its kind! So, what are you waiting for? Register now! #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #AI #AICompetition #CreateWhatMatters
What is the purpose of change of preference form?
I got admission in Fast Peshawar in their BSCS program but didn't recieve any email regarding the online orientation. Can somebody tell me why?  Also the last email I got was my roll no slip and since then there is no response from them.
MS applied biedical sciences. Merit position 65. Any chance to come in second list?
Closing merit of mechanical and software engineering?
What About Doing Electrical Engineering FROM MCS?
Please tell me the confirm deadline for Ehsaas Scholarship.
all latest News and updates regarding FAST NUCES Lahoer Campus
When will the second Merit list of M.phil is going to publish?
When we can't apply for pre eng fields then why the hell pre eng students can apply for ics's fieldsüò°üò°
80% in Matric, 60% in FSc. 73 score in NTS.  Is my admission in BSCs Fasialabad Campus secured?  If not how many marks should I get in Fast Nu test?
89.46 aggregate !! Lahore campus CS any chance ?
Karachi University Self Financed Admissions  (List of Selected Candidates) 
Anyone who gave FAST BSCS entry test last year ? What was the weightage for physics, English, analytical and basic maths ? Is this a reliable source?
metallurgy and materials engineering  from pieas or avionics engineering from IST?
Does anyone know about closing merit of 2nd list for architecture and Industrial design?
What is condition of electrical engineering department of fast ibd which will be the Best choice uet Lahore or fast  ibd for electrical engineering
Any people here who got selected in MS CS/DS today in SEECS ?
Confused about why should you join AIESEC?  Well AIESEC Faisalabad will deliver an information session to answer all your queries! :D  So be there, and don't miss this golden chance to join AIESEC.  A life changing experience awaits you! :)