Asalamu alykum. I wanted to ask that what is the admission criteria in FAST like how much % (of matric, HSSC, entry test) do they consider for admission? On website, the criteria is written but it's written according to the COVID-19 situation. Please guide. JazakAllah khair
We required experienced  marketing male female staff for our office. Salary + rebete office timing 10am to 6pm


 Requirements: - 2 to 6 Years of FullStack Experience - Building interactive consumer data from multiple systems and RESTfully abstract to the UI through a Node.js backend... - Define code architecture decisions to support a high-performance and scalable product with a minimal footprint - Experience implementing applications using Angular 1 or React - Experience creating front end applications using HTML5, Angular, LESS/SASS - Collaborate well with engineers, researchers, and data implementation specialists to design and create advanced, elegant and efficient systems

 For apply online click here: https://www.joinpaknavy.gov.pk/candidate/registration/
 #Callcenter #callcenterjob #Lahorejobs #getjobsinlahore #getjobs #jobs #telemarketing #jobincallcenter #homebasedjobs

Merafuture is looking for a Web Developer for its Islamabad Office. Required Education: Education in Computer Sciences or related disciplines Required Skills: Front and back end development especially PHP, Web deployable Python API programming skills Required Experience: 1-2 Years Location: Islamabad/Rawalpindi. Interviews next week.... Apply @  
Merafuture is looking for a Web Developer for its Islamabad Office. Education/Diploma in Computer Sciences or related disciplines Required Skills: Front and back end development,  Web deployable Python API programming skills, Knowledge of web programming especially PHP Required Experience: 1-2 Years Location: Islamabad/Rawalpindi... Apply at  https://forms.gle/HafveC8x17cd3RTA6
Computer science from fast islamabad campus..or Civil, electrical or chemical engineering from nust main campus..or.. Mechanical engineering from EME.. Which one is better.. Irrespective of interest..

#National_Logistics_Cell_NLC_Karachi_Rawalpindi_Lahore_Jobs_September_2020


 Online registration for Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) is open 01 October to 30 October.
What are the  requriements to take admission in computer science department for international students. How much SAT score needed? If anyone has information regarding admission for  international student .plz let me know.

 #Callcenter #callcenterjob #Lahorejobs #getjobsinlahore #getjobs #jobs #telemarketing #jobincallcenter #homebasedjobs

Hi plz tell me books for bba of FAST isb
Those who've confirmed their admission in FAST isl for BSCS, dm me ill add you to a whatsapp group where we'll be interacting with eachother and will resolve eachothers queries.


Join here BSCS students BSSE 👇👇👇👇👇👇  Follow this link to join my WhatsApp group (CS Innovators ❤️🖤👨‍🎓) https://chat.whatsapp.com/GVzE9BqoE010xAUfaaUSg8
Nust se cs/se or fast se AI kro feeling confused Need serious suggestion 🙂



Aoa Girls who are enrolled in BSCS ISL campus dm me to join WhatsApp group. (Freshies only) Edit: there seems to be an issue with my messenger option, here is link to message on: https://m.me/sarah.noor.790

BS (SE) 2020 Tell your sections. Mine R!
 1.  I have got admission in FAST  BSCS . I want to learn a programming language, which one should I learn (Please give reason). 2. Does FAST provide any fee concession to the students who secure top 5 or 10 position in a semester?
Can i request for section change? are they lenient about it?

Aj Fast K Cafe Mai Itna Rush Dekh Kar Corona Preshan Hogya K Mjse To Koi Darta Nahe 😂



Assalam o Alaikum ... koi mujy in uni k about info dein please ... yahan BSCS k liye maths prhna zarori hota ... and fee bhi btain BSCS ki??
Aoa everyone please tell me bba ke students 8 baje jaein ge?bcz timing aur section ki koi mail issue nhi hoi




For attending orientation, we have to report to the university at 8:00 AM or 12:00 PM?



Salaam! New comers of BS(AI) of Fast ISB, dm me , I'll add you in whatsapp group.


BS computer science Islamabad campus ki orientation kab ha..??  Anyone know about it..

BS Computer science Islamabad campus ki orientation kab ha..??
Awaiting result ka kiya seen hay result tw 17 sep ko ana??
Anyone of bs engineering programs receive section mail??
As the result of intermediate will be announced On 17 September by Government then why 16th is the date of result submission. Anyone knows what it is??
I got admission in BS (EE) in fast islamabad . Can anyone tell me about the elect engineering of fast .beacuse i have not any other option.
Orientation kab ho gi fast ki ? Ksi ko koi mail ai ? (BsAI)
When will we receive email regarding course selection?

Any WhatsApp/messenger group for SE students?

Does anyone know the bus route of Fast Isb?
I got admission in FAST ISL (SE) but in today’s list my name also has appeared in ITU (CS) department... Its a tough choice between these...Am really confused..Can u guide me ?
I didn't find a single official page of fast nuces on any social media ! Even the official website is not so updated ,no information is shared till now regarding opening of campuses ... In short they need to made a official account for students portal
any fast fsd bscs students!!
Must have knowledge for Email marketing and lead generation tactics and tools
Anyone received the email from Fast of submission of marks of Math.????
Is there any hostel near fast Peshawar walking distance pe hi prr jaye sahi hai kindly tell me
 We are looking for a front-end developer to join our product team. You’ll be an exceptional problem solver and take responsible actions in ensuring the application is optimized both in technology and in delivering the best user experience. RESPONSIBILITIES: • Work closely with design, product management, and development teams to create elegant, usable, responsive, and interactive interfaces across multiple devices. • Turning UI/UX designs into prototypes, creating excellent interactions from designs, writing reusable content modules, and maintainability of the code. • Implement UI development principles to ensure that the product client-side serves at scale. • Review and optimize app usage by monitoring key metrics and rectifying the issues proactively. • An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment and bring in optimal flow for rapidly changing design/ technology. • Bachelors in computer science (BS-CS) REQUIREMENTS: • 3 years of relevant work experience as a web developer, UI developer, JavaScript expert, or front-end engineer • Sound knowledge in HTML and CSS • Familiar with UI layouts, SASS, Bootstrap, and the CSS GRID system • Proficient with JavaScript frameworks such as JQuery, Angular • Experience debugging using JavaScript-based tools like Chrome Developer Console • Passionate to create good design and usability • A team player with excellent communication skills • Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX • Basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. • Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that the application will adhere to them. • Experience in GIT ADDITIONAL SKILLSET: • Familiarity with tools such as Gimp or Photoshop is a plus. • Need a candidate who is enthusiastic about work and passionate about coding • Self-starter who takes initiative and is proactive • Excellent communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
Anyoen doing MS in CNS from islamabad?   Or any person who is graduated with this degree?
i belong to a middle class family and i went to elite class schools on scholarships and i was bullied for that, i am selected in FAST and just wanted to know if this class difference matters in Fast or other elite universites in general

Those who've confirmed their admission in FAST isl for BS-CS, leave your name here and dm me i'll add you to a whatsapp group where we'll be interacting with eachother and will resolve each others queries.
Anyone here who  will start MS ( mgt sciences)  in coming semester
Merafuture is looking for a Data Scientist/ AI Specialist for its Islamabad Office. Required Education: 16 Years of education in Computer Sciences or related disciplines Required Skills: Web deployable Python API programming skills Knowledge of web programming especially PHP... Required Experience: 1-2 Years  Location: Islamabad/Rawalpindi  The main responsibility of the AI specialist is to help company build innovative AI solutions for its products. He / She will be programming computers to test hypotheses in relation to how the human mind works, through cognitive simulation. The person will be required to analyse the gathered data in depth and develop efficient classification models so as to have a maximum predictability. 
Fast ki apni transport hai??Fast has its own transport??
When are classes starting for undergraduate freshmen? is 15th Sep official? Also, will there be any orientation??
Any board topper in this group who got Fast merit scholarship?
SE or CS from FAST (isb). VS SE or CS from NUST

Is it worth changing from SE to CS in Isb?

Any one got admission in BBA this year?



Kisi ka MS AI me adm hua h??
This week the new batch entered FAST-NU which will graduate in 2024. When I look back at my time at FAST, there were quite a few things I wish I had known on my first day at FAST. I created the following presentation for helping CS freshmen survive and thrive especially at FAST. Non-fastian CS freshmen will benefit too, but there might be some adjustments required. Kindly share among CS freshmen if you have any among your friends and family: 

Nutech Ya Bahria University 🤔 FoR #BSCS  Bahria mea Admission ho gya hea 31 August last date hea Nutech mea be Admission hnea kea chances Kafhi Bright han Ap mea so Jo in mea sea kse University mea phartea han Computer science department mea Plzz wo zaror Comment kar dn Sukria ❤️
Fast Peshawar kesi hai for BSCS kindly help me

 Apply online for (Stenotypist, DEO, UDC, LDC) click here: http://202.83.164.97/jobApplicationForm.php Download application form for (Driver, Naib qasid, Farash) click here:  http://mopa.gov.pk/SiteIm…/…/files/Proforma%2031-08-2020.pdf
plz need seriouse suggestion  fast or comsate which one is best for SE???
Anybody knows Fast Isl MBA classes timings??
Salaam fast m kis kis ko scholarship ya grant mila h
Anyone knows the timing for BS SE classes in NUCES ISB?
For CS which University is best Bahria or Air
Islamabad ka Kon Kon jiska Peshawar fast mein admission hoa
Nearest boys hostel for Fast islamabad. Koi batado bhai hyd se aana he kidr rullu ga me gareeb.
is waqt kasi universty ma BBA ya MBA kay admissions open hayn.

I’m eligible in Fast Fsd & Pshwr campus. Which one is better for BSCS? Need suggestions. And also tell me abt remaining seats in Fsd or Peshwr campus.
DISRUPT HUNGER Application Deadline: 14 September 2020 This year’s campaign challenges us to find bold solutions to fight hunger in the following priority areas: 1. COVID-19 emergency response 2. Local food security and market access for smallholder farmers... 3. Sustaining and creating livelihoods 4. Affordable, nutritious diets and awareness 5. Appropriate energy solutions along the food value chain


Is software engineering in fast isb approved by pec?
Campus transfer Karne k liye sirf  5000 dena hotay Hain yaa phr us k Saath test BHI dena hota hai please koi bataday Bhai meherbani hogi uski  (Is Saal campus transfer allow Nahi hai mujhe pata hai main next year ki waja se pooch Raha hn)
Fast ki fee refund 100% for new students 7sept tak hogi (1week from start of previous batches classes)  Ya phir 22 sept tak? (1 week from start of new batch classes)
Electrical or chemical engineering from pieas.. Or computer science from fast.. Which one is better..?? 🔥🔥

Which is better regarding scope job oppurunities and salary ? 

 Timing: Morning/Evening/Night Salary: Basic Salary+Commision+ Bonus Salary can be increase depend on candidate previous experience. Qualification: Matric, Inter, Bachelor & Master Students , Fresh candidates and experienced Candidates can apply. Regards: Miss Fari Mughal 03229714227 SMS/WhatsApp

Anyone MS CS or MS SE?
Anyone got admission in MS(CS) ???
Whats the closing merit for CS and SE in Fast ISB
Anyone selected in MS AI?
Everyone who is in accounting and finance department  (freshies) dm me your numbers i will add you in the WhatsApp group.
hostel vs flats which is better for fast faisalabad campus!! any suggestion
Is there anyone from BSDS??
Is it best to do  bs artificial intelligence from fast ? Is any  student available  who is currently doing bs artificial intelligence from fast? Scope of AI?
Assalam o Alikum, does anyone has selected for MS AI? Or anyone has applied for MS AI as first priority?
Any latest news about third merit list plzz koi cnfirm bata da third list ka bara ma??

🙏 Please ignoremat karna Mujhe Roll# mil chuka ha but Mene kisi waja se abhi tk  Father ki payslip aur bank statement nhi jama karwai.  Kia men jab classes start hongi tb jama karwa sakta hn?
Any senior from BSSE isb?
Who got and who intends to get admission in MSSE?
CS from Fast Islamabad or DS from Fast Lahore?? I mean is Fast Lahore better enough that i change my discipline for it?..plus I've heard fast Islamabad ki campus life Lahore sei kaafi behter hai...is that true?
A girl needs financial help in paying university fee those who want to help kindly inbox me
Anyone who got selected in MS Management Sciences...?? Or MS ki class timings kiya hain fast main...
Those who've confirmed their admission in FAST isl for BSAI, dm me ill add you to a whatsapp group where we'll be interacting with eachother and will resolve eachothers queries.

Anyone who got admision in bs ee at isl campus
Any chances of third merit list ??
Bhai fast uni ab 15 ko open ho g for new batch
What about transportation system of FAST Islamabad campus?
 Online Classes schedule EE (week 1) of Fall 2020 Semester is attached here for your kind information to be implemented from Monday 31 Aug to Friday 04 Sep, 2020. Please note your class timings as per given details.
Selected in SE but my first preference was C's. Any suggestions should I go for it or I should wait for comsats ??
Fast ki software engineering ki NCEAC ki degree hai k nahi?
People who got admitted to BSCS in Islamabad ... comment below ...
University kay jis din document aur fees jama karwai thi roll number waghira and fee confirmation dey di unhon ney Uskay baad uni ney aik dafa bhi contact nahi kia, either via text or by email I called them 2 weeks pehlay they said classes 15 ko start honi apki aur 15 sey aik week pehlay weekend apki orientation hogi University mein hi aur apko via mail inform kar dey gay Call kay hisaab sey 1 week bad orientation hay  Can anyone confirm whats the steps for new student or if anybody has received any email

New students ki 1sep saa online classes honi hy ka nhi?

Software engineering is a
Peshawar campus me kies kies ne fees pay kar di ha for Cs? 🤔 Let's meet some classmates :)
Kindly ye bata den k fast ki jo fee hai uss ki 2 installments hoskti hain kindly bata den agar Baat kroon uni jaa k

Koi bataye ke Fast fsb ch campus me hostel.nahe de rahe kya kerna agar kese ka be fsb campus me.howa hai???Can someone tell me that the hostel is in the campus in Fast Facebook. They are not giving what to do if anyone's Facebook campus. It has happened???
Which is better plzz guide  and which has more scope

Students who have secured their admission in BS CSDF at FAST Karachi Campus, kindly DM me. Thanks.
Bhai mana suna hai ka aj merit list lagna ka chance hai koi plz cnfirm bata sakta hai???Brother, I have heard that there is a chance to make a merit list today. Can someone please confirm???
 Should I go For CS or for SE in FAST ISB. Reason of asking is that SE is new this time however FAST is famous for its CS.. Should I consider CS over SE or should remain for SE?
My Brother got adm in SE in ISL campus ..i want him to do some course before joing the UNI...Can u tell me from which programming language he should begin with? So that it will be easier for him to pick up things in start
In which year FAST-NU ISB started offering SE ?and are they really good at it like Comsats ?

ASSALAM O ALYKUM  I want to ask a thing Is FAST FAISALABAD campus better or NUTECH?

Multiple opportunities for paid internship in IS Audit function at a financial institution in Islamabad.  This is an equal opportunity position and females CS graduates are encouraged to apply. The positions are Islamabad based, interested person can send the CV at: #paidinternships #equalopportunity #informationsecurity #isaca #auditing
During the academic year, performance based koi scholarship milti he?

How do I check my section ? I got selected in BS-CSDF after applying on SAT basis. The university only mailed me to come and receive the offer letter. Got an orientation timing change notif via SMS today but my section etc isn’t mentioned anywhere. No mails either
Has anyone got admission in BS Cybersecurity?
Fast Peshawar campus kassa h For bscs plz guide..

Fast islamabad saturday ko band hai ?
Any Info about Ms Data science Second List???
Accounting and finence ka bra ma koi bta skta kse field ha??
Fast may ab dobra admission open ho gy
I have been selected in fast ISLAMABAD campus in software engineering department.The due date to submit fees was 21 August.Can I submit the fees now and get admission?

Any chance if 3rd merit list in AI SE CS in Fast Isb ?
Salaam! Fast ke 2020 ke admission lene walo me se kisi ko koi mail ai k Classes kb start hongi?
Mai peshawar campus mai eligible aarha hun tou kiya mai admission krwaa skta hun BSCS mai
Bs computer science from fast islamabad or Bs Software engineering from comsat islambad. Any suugestions...
Bhai plzz cnfirm karka bata do 3rd merit list ka koi chance hai ??Brother please confirm and tell me if there is any chance of 3rd merit list??

Yar kal koi phone krle islamabad mai pooch le koi list ka ya seats ka mera tou phone hi nahi utha rahe
Have any info about MS AI n MS cyber security...?
I heard that this is the first time FAST is offering SE.. I needed a bit of advice.. As Comsats is also highly rated for their SE.. I Got admission in both Comsats and Fast in SE.. So i cannot decide where to go.. Can u walk me through the right way?


Anyone from BS AI?
Fast ki 3rd merit list ka koi chance hai ya nhi ??
Fast Isld ka AI achahai?
Fast Isl men classes 31aug se hen? And online hen ya normal routine?


Anyone from Abbottabad who got admission in Fast (isb campus)

Fast Islamabad mn winter aur fall donon mn admission khulte hn ya saal mn 1 dafa?
3rd list ka kiya pata chala hai kindly tell me
 Requirements: - Total Experience of 2 to 5 Years - Hands on Development with Flutter (Minimum 1 Year)... - Live projects on Flutter is must - Experience with other mobile development platforms
Kis kis na peshawar mai fee jma karwa dii ha for SE... Classmates??
MS Data Science from NUST or FAST? Which one is better and why. Confused 😥
BSCS or BSSE required from a reputable university. Fresh Graduates required with interest in development for Oracle NetSuite Cloud ERP.  Internship Period: 03 Months  Successful completion of NetSuite Training and Internship program may lead towards permanent employment.
Agar list lag rhi hai kal tou I guess 2 ya 3 percent tou drop hoga kyun aadhay tou comsats nikal jaarn ge or seats abhi hope so k bachi hui hain 400 seats  hain I guess SE ki
82.7 aggregate any chance in SE in 3rd merit list ISL campus? Kindly tell me

Anyone here who is expert in oracle database for theory and practical based SQL paid assignments. Confident and motivated persons who are interested in freelancing please do contact.  Regards.
CS student here: What programming language should I learn? I was studying vbn until now.
IS FAST FAISALABAD AND ISLAMABAD SAME OR DIFF
I got in Fast Isb for BS SE. Seniors, can you please suggest books or could share notes and guide me on this ?? I'd like to start studying /having an intro according to the Fast BS SE syllabus.
Is Bs(se) of fast Islamabad hec recognized?
I got admission in MSCS. But I'm confused like 'jasy behria uni ka mashour hay Kay wo Cgpa ni deti itna, tew kia FAST ka b kuxh Asa hi scene hay? Ya FAST me gpa sahi Ata hay? R Fast absolute marks deti ya relative marks?' kindly tell me.

Got admission in BS(SE). Fast na SE just recently introduce karwaya ha apni uni ma koi andaza ha kaisa ha fast isb ka software engineering program and faculty? Would you recommend it?
FAST ki financial aid and scholarship ka kis tarhan pata lagna and kesai apply karna us kai liye?
Any one know about third merit list...
I submitted my fee in BS (SE) in Islamabad campus. My aggregate is 87.52. Can I transfer from Islamabad campus to Lahore campus after 1st or 2nd semester? Because Islamabad is expensive for me.




I didn’t get Admission in CS ISB but I got Adm in SE .. I want honest advice ... As we all have heard how much value FAST has of CS but Does SE has the same value? I am confused..


Fast phastaye ga matric ko 50% weightage dy kr
For those students who got Admission in FAST Karachi campus kindly comment your discipline. Thanks.
Is computer science is good in Islamabad or other campuses


 Role Description Develop software solutions by conferring with users, determining client needs, and following the software development lifecycle.... Work with colleagues to design, test, and develop software to fulfill the project. Recommend upgrades to existing applications as required. Document solutions in detail, how the application will work to ensure proper maintenance and assistance for future upgrades. Required Skills Strong background and experience in technologies & frameworks such as Spring, Struts, EXTJS, JSP, RMI, XML, JAXB, Oracle and Tomcat. Analytical skills – strong analytical skills are vital for this job, the applicant needs to analyze and assess a user or client’s needs to find the most suitable solution for them. Problem-solving skills – as coding issues emerge, find the right resolution for the problem. The applicant should enjoy problem-solving and fixing errors. Creativity – need a creative mindset to think outside the box and find alternative ways to develop application. Attention to detail – work on various parts of an application, so must be focused and detail-oriented to spot any inaccuracies or errors within the code. Interpersonal skills – this job requires working closely with other team members as well as clients to ascertain what they need from an application or system. need excellent interpersonal skills to do this efficiently. Bonus Skills Experience with full-stack web development using JavaScript frameworks such as MEAN/MERN stacks or equivalent. Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Lambda a plus. Experience with public cloud-based technologies such as AWS, Azure, GCE a plus. Experience with configuration management tools like Puppet, Chef, Ansible, and Jenkins.

BBA ki per semester fees kitne ho sakti hai approximately?
Any BS(AI) senior from Fast ISB??

Financial aid kese milte hai???? Kya sare documents attach kerne hoteu hai??? Kitne fee kam ho jati hai?????
My aggregate is 87.52. I am not eligible is CS and SE in Lahore campus. But I am eligible in SE in Islamabad campus. CS closing merit in Islamabad is 88. Should I submit my fees in SE or wait for the third list? My first preference is CS. What should I do?
is there any chance k 70% walay ka name BSSE m ajai 3rd list m?
Last date kon sa hay may nay software engineering ke liyai apply karna hay or software engineering ke liyai fast kesa hay????
CS from GIKI or FAST Islamabad?


I got enrolled in BSCS and am looking for programming laptop which is cost effective.


Kya fast ke se pec se approved hai??????

Is it best to do  bs artificial intelligence from fast ? Is any  student available  who is currently doing bs artificial intelligence from fast? Scope of AI?
Can anyone tell me the schedule for MS Data Science please?
 Role Description Develop high-q...uality code against agreed stories (and propose outline system test methods against assigned stories), sub-tasks, and bugs then ensure developed code is unit-tested, and automatically testable where possible, as part of the build process. Analyze, develop, and document: product algorithms, peer reviews of documents produced by the team, and establish the process of documenting processes through Confluence with other engineers. Collect and maintain knowledge of industry trends and future paths. Recommend processes, services, software, and other tools to support business objectives pertinent to back end as well as infrastructure technologies. Contribute to enhance design and development processes. Create resource estimates of user stories related to back end features. Required Skills 2+ years of increasingly complex development efforts in an Agile based development team with a concentration on full-stack development. 1+ years working experience with React, Redux, ES6, GraphQL, and/or React Native. 1+ years working experience with Microservices 1+ years of experience developing and architecting solutions using JavaScript, Node.js, REST and SOAP APIs, and Express.js. 1+ years utilizing and developing using NoSQL DB’s such as MongoDB and Cassandra, SQL based DB’s such as MySQL/MariaDB, and web servers Apache and IIS. Strong JavaScript programming expertise. Identify, escalate, and work to resolve issues encountered during development activities that could impact timescales, functionality, or robustness. Deadline and detail-oriented. Strong analytical and critical thinking skills. Bonus Skills Knowledge of Java, Python, or other programming languages Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Lambda a plus. Experience with public cloud-based technologies such as AWS, Azure, GCE a plus. Experience with configuration management tools like Puppet, Chef, Ansible, and Jenkins.
 Role Description Develop high-quality code against agreed stories (and propose outline system test methods against assigned stories), sub-tasks, and bugs then ensure developed code is unit-tested, and automatically testable where possible, as part of the build process.... Analyze, develop, and document: product algorithms, peer reviews of documents produced by the team, and establish the process of documenting processes through Confluence with other engineers. Collect and maintain knowledge of industry trends and future paths. Recommend processes, services, software, and other tools to support business objectives pertinent to back end as well as infrastructure technologies. Contribute to enhance design and development processes. Create resource estimates of user stories related to back end features. Required Skills 2+ years of increasingly complex development efforts in an Agile based development team with a concentration on full-stack development. 1+ years working experience with React, Redux, ES6, GraphQL, and/or React Native. 1+ years working experience with Microservices 1+ years of experience developing and architecting solutions using JavaScript, Node.js, REST and SOAP APIs, and Express.js. 1+ years utilizing and developing using NoSQL DB’s such as MongoDB and Cassandra, SQL based DB’s such as MySQL/MariaDB, and web servers Apache and IIS. Strong JavaScript programming expertise. Identify, escalate, and work to resolve issues encountered during development activities that could impact timescales, functionality, or robustness. Deadline and detail-oriented. Strong analytical and critical thinking skills. Bonus Skills Knowledge of Java, Python, or other programming languages Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Lambda a plus. Experience with public cloud-based technologies such as AWS, Azure, GCE a plus. Experience with configuration management tools like Puppet, Chef, Ansible, and Jenkins.

 We are looking for a ‘Shopify Expert Developer and Social Media Integration Manager’, having at least 2-3 years’ experience of the following:... Thorough understanding of theme building and Graphic Design Integration Creation of inventory, and WH internally, and adding products as drop shipping sources like Ali Express or Ali Baba  Transfer, Inventory & Collections, including delivery app integration and knowledge of Shopify delivery API’s with external mobile apps Order Fulfillment and Abandoned check-outs conversion  Customers, gift cards and discounts  Analytics and Marketing  Complete understanding of Shopify Apps e.g;, sourcing, creation of traffic, boosting sales, customer experience, Re-target app, Gtranslate (Arabic), Optimize upsell, Coupon Hero, Social Boost, Video Check-out, Pixel Magic, other marketing integration apps Email marketing on Shopify  SMS Marketing from Shopify  How to improve Shopify conversion rate  Check-out site loading time reduction Language and check-out experience  Check-out colours and seals  Fin-tech integration paypal, credit card, stripe, others Pop-ups and timing of pop-ups for additional cart additions  Editing Product imaging  Expert in Tricks and tips for Shopify sales increase  Setting up of FB ad page and FB ad post and integration  Google search SEO  Shopify product and page and Google page ranking  Creation of multiple stores from one account and multiple brands and products Shopify Click Funnels, upsell, cross sell & down sell Creation and addition of domains to Shopify – buying domains   Using google analytics with Shopify and other 3rt party analytic apps  Integration of Shopify with Instagram hashtags, Pinterest, Embedding Youtube videos in Shopify Product Pages   Shopify & Oberlo integration  Expert Php Developer and integration with Shopify, including but not limited to Form Data in Php, Built in and Custom functions, DB in Php, Php security, Object Oriented Php and Web Shopify and Amazon FBA integration

Those who got their admission in the second list of BSSE in Islamabad campus have the university provided you your respective sections? I completed the requirements today and submitted the draft. I have recieved a roll number but no section. What's next?
Please any one guide me a mail has been send by fast peshawar campus

Alhamdulillah got selected in fast nu
bscs me kis kis ka admission ho gya hai fast isl me?




MS data science main kis kis ka naam aya hai?


Which field is better at FAST NU Islamabad campus. BS Data Sciences or BS Cyber Security and Data Forensic?
Is there anyone selected for BBA (Islamabad) after announcement of second merit list? If so, what’s your aggregate?
Kisi ki BSSE ma 85.85 se neeche aggregate pe selection hoi ha? Serious comments kindly!
fast ki timings kia hain ??

Any seniors here who have done or studying MS(CNS). Kindly reply here i want to ask some questions.
Fast ki MS ki timing kiya hai??

Initially I applied for AI in Isl Campus, mgr naam nhi aya 2nd list mei bhi. However, BSCS Fsd mei eligible hai. If I submit my admission request to FSD, will I still get an offer from Isl campus in upcoming lists if there are any seats available?? PLZ REPLYYY
Anyone from dg khan who have secured admission in FAST Islamabad campus?


Is there any possibility to change program?
Which Campus is Best Fast CFD campus or Fast Peshawar campus


Will classes be online until 15 sep or on campus?
Fast nu ki third list lagni hai...
Fast ki 2nd merit list kb tk lgy gi
I am eligible in Fast Faisalabad & Peshawar campus in BSCS. Need suggestions which one is better or some other option would be better.
SE from Fast (Karachi Campus) OR CS from Comsats (Lahore) ??? Please help

Salam fast ki software engineering kyse h ar total kitne fee h taqreeban plz help.m ar study kyse h

Is hostel available in fast Islamabad?
Need help in admission form.  When i sumbitted my form, it wasn’t decided if there would be entry test weightage or not. So i put my first nts number in it. Then it was decided admissions will be on open merit (based on fsc and matric). I forgot to remove my nts number which were pretty low as i thought they wouldn’t be considered.  Now my admission is based on Nat and only got in AnF while others with similar merit to mine got into SE. Is there any way i can change my application to open merit?
Any chance of 3 merit list of fast for islamabad campuse
Are there any good, reputable and close single seater hostels near FAST Islamabad?
MS list has been uploaded again
Ye 2019 arha but offer latter main sai date arhi

AOA! Jo jo students abhi soch rahy haa keh wo peshawar me Cs ya Se me chala jae.. To unko ye Batana haa apna time waste mat karna jane se... Seats full ho gaye haa wo aur students nahi le Rahay! Baqi EE ka nahi Pata mujhe ho sakta isme seats ho!
Acca or software engineering????
I got eligible for CS in fast Islamabad 2nd list, so do I have to give some application to confirm my admission or just pay the dues and submit the form?
Fast pashawar jana chaiay ya ni.. Seniors any suggestion??
2019? 🤣 MS walo conferm kro ye mazak bs mery sath hi hoa hy? 😄😄
Chances For a 2nd list in Fast Islamabad campus? Especially for BBA.


Does FAST islamabad have a hostel service like NUST?
Which university is better for BSSE
MS Merit list has been deleted from website. Any idea when will university upload correct merit list?
Anyone jiss ka isb main bs ee main hua hw admission


I Got adm in SE in FAST In 1st list in ISB campus ..so I paid the fee and submitted my documents but now after 2nd list i am eligible in CS which was my first preference now i want to do CS.. Can i change to CS now ??



Any good quality hostels at walking distance near FAST LAHORE CAMPUS? Kindly give suggestions.
Fast ki 2nd merit list lgy gi??
 We have an exciting opportunity for a marketing executive to work within a growing group of business in the Islamabad area. The role will expose the successful candidate to a number of businesses operating in a variety of industries and allowing them to develop multiple marketing related skillsets. The marketing executive will be responsible for managing all digital content, including supplied advertisements from local business and internal advertisements and ...announcements. The core elements of the role will involve: • Produce creative content, including videos, blog posts and promotional materials • Using online / cloud-based content management systems • Scheduling content • manage social media channels (e.g. Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn) to enhance audience engagement and increase brand awareness • Help with marketing plans, advertising, direct marketing, and campaigns • Evaluate and review marketing campaigns, advertising and SEO to make sure the correct mediums are being used and campaigns are effective • Support the marketing manager in delivering agreed activities Key Qualifications, Skills and Experience • Experience with managing digital content is essential • Experience and good sound knowledge of Adobe editing platforms such as Photoshop, InDesign and Premier Pro is essential • Experience with social media platform management is essential • Experience with creating / editing digital content is essential • Experience in the transport industry is advantageous but not essential Core Hours: 14:00 - 22:00pm Monday to Saturday (weekend work may be required to suit the business from time to time)
#Allama_Iqbal_Open_University_AIOU_Islamabad_Jobs_August_2020 For online apply click here: https://jobs.aiou.edu.pk/Portal/Login/Register
Plz guide Fast peshawe kesi h for  Bscs
anybody know last date of fee submission of 2 merit list of Fast University
Is BSSE a recognized program From Fast??
Me ne Lahore Campus ke liye Apply kiya tha lekn Isb ke lye eligible tha toh waha application submit karwa di thi aaj call aayi ha ke ap ka isb ma hogya ha documents jama karwaye agar 2nd List ma lhr ma naam aajata ha toh campus change ho jayega?
Guys plz ap mn sy koi yh bta skta h k fast k isb campus mn EE ksi h?

which is better for SE fast islamabad or nust?

Looks like they extended the deadline. If Cambridge reviews grades can students who were rejected due to U's bring new results to get enrolled? Or is this deadline only for second merit list?


Anyone jis n faislabad campus s islamabad campus me transfer kraya ho ya krana ho..??
#2nd_merit_list  Got Recieved ... Mera abhi aya hai AI ka lia selected oor SE CS ka lia eligible 😊😊 Pahly kise main bhe eligible tha sewae Cyber security ka  NOTE: orr sab apny portal check karlo wahan pata chal jaega



I have 76% marks in fsc and applied for FAST islamabad campus for computer science but not selected. Es saal merit ziada tha k kio?😥😌
bscs from fast ya environmental sciences from quaid e azam kindly give me opinions
Bhai koi guide kar da plz ma kya karo? Koi chances hain select hony ka BSCS ma?




which field is best>?
Any one know about it?? Fast islamabad campus me hostel ki facility mlti h??
Yar plz kowe bata sakhta ha fast islambad saay software engineering karne chaiay.asking for a friend.plz kowe ache advice daay daay.asking for  a friend Hammad Imtiaz
Mera 82.77 aggregate hai aur mera 2nd list mai BBA aur AF mai eligible aaya lekin meri first preference CS thi what can I do now plz kindly help me
Ok serious question: Agar O levels main equivalency Achi nhi ho (60%-70%) Tu inter/A levels ya phir SAT/entry test basis par Achi uni(LUMS,FAST,NUST,IBA,etc) mein admission mil Sakta hai?
By the grace of Allah, I am selected in fast nuces islamabad campus in BBA in 2nd merit list and my aggregate is 81.27%
me ne lahore ma apply kia tha wahan select ni hua ab islamabad ma eligible aa ra ha. par inka faislabad ki tara result k nichy form ni aa raha  mera aggregate 86.45 ha to ma kaise islamabad ma apply kar sakta hon ya join kar sakta hon
mera aggreigate 86% hai mera islamabad main ni howa lakin waha likha howa k ap peshawer ya faislabad campus main request kr skty . abhi krna chahiye ya 2nd merit list k liye wait krna chahiye?
Difference between SE and CS?
A. O. A Ms(cs) k lie kon kon select howa???
I heard people got rejected admission because of May June 2020 results. If their grades get upgraded, will the university extend deadline for them?


I've Gained Admission in SE in Islamabad Campus. Is there any Possible way I can change my Program as I'm eligible for CS, DS, AI, AF etc. If Yes then what Are the procedures?

I need Help From Senior  I Want To Do BBA  I have Choices FAST OR BZU MULTAN  plz Help ke to take admission
Does anyone have the Lahore to Islamabad Campus change form for FAST as I am eligible in Islamabad
2nd merit list is uploaded check your portal
Fast 2nd merit list is announced.check your portal


What is merit of software Engineering in fast islamabad
Once one has gained admission in FAST, and decide to withdraw later on if they get into another university by November, will any amount of the admission fee be refunded to them?  I'm asking for a friend who has FAST as her backup.
I applied in Lahore campus. Will i be able to apply in BSCs or BsDs in Islamabad if the islamabad’s merit drops or seats open?

Got admission in FAST_CFD?..i have to go or not?
Any one tell me about second merit list...
Is there anyone who can give me some information about financial aid in FAST NUCES islamabad??

2nd list ai ?


We are looking for an energetic iOS developer, who is willing to learn and grow. The ideal candidate must have strong problem-solving skills and creative instincts to develop and maintain iOS applications. The candidate will be given a platform to work on market-leading, innovative, and challenging mobile apps. Must have published at least one application on Apple App Store: -Participate in internal development projects such as developing new products and enhancing/maintaining the existing products. -Contribute to the development of life-cycle, design, implementation, and test. -Experience with Swift, Objective-C, and Cocoa Touch. -Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc. -Experience with core data, offline storage, threading, and performance tuning -Development Knowledge of JSON, REST, and XML based web services and their working. -Hands-on experience of creating custom UI controls, designing protocols, implementing interfaces, and performance optimization -Understanding of Apple design principles and interface guidelines. -Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications -Translation of designer mock-ups and wireframes into front-end code -Understanding and maintenance of our existing code/apps -Understanding of prior developed projects and enhancing features -Self-driven and do work on your own by taking ownership. -Strong problem-solving skills. -Comfortable in working with the team as well as independently. -Learning attitude, communication, and passion to code Location: Scheme 3, Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Does anyone tell me ke fee ka kia procedure hai?fee bank me submit krwani hai AGR krwani hai tu phr fee chalan kahan se aye ga kindly tell me
Attention! #2nd_merit_list_FAST_islamabad “”Fast ke 2nd Merit list ajj lagege..Don’t know exact time but ajj lagny hai”” Note:Information from admission Office through Direct Phone Call


Techovative is looking for an experienced mobile app developer in Flutter (For iOS/Android). (Fresh can also apply) • Expert in Flutter  Applicants must possess prior development experience with their portfolio. • Applicants must be self-starters, able to work independently, meet deadlines, and be quick learners. • Ability to design, brief to record requirements and project needs. • Applicants must have English language proficiency.... • Design and build advanced applications for the iOS & Android platforms • Ability to handle the app development from scratch till production. • Able to work on native and cross-platform apps, Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Write a clean, well-designed code. Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications. Follow industry best practices Requirements: • Experience working with iOS & Android frameworks • Experience with Swift, Objective-C (basic knowledge), iOS SDK, Cocoa Touch(iOS) • Strong programming skills including native iOS (Objective-C, Swift, and/or C • Deep understanding of Objective-C/Swift design patterns. • Familiarity with Restful/cloud message APIs • Familiarity with other services in mobile apps like push notifications, payment services, etc • Experience in integration with back-end services • Strong knowledge of Object-Oriented Design • Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies • Advanced understanding of the full mobile development life cycle • Creative thinking to develop new design concepts, graphics and layouts. Location: Scheme 3, Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Software Quality Assurance Engineer Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently, it is looking for an experienced Software Quality Assurance Engineer who is interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: -2 years of experience in  QA in any reputed Organization -Knowledge of QA processes, methodologies, and industry best practices -Ability to analyze system features a...nd functionality and determining the best approach and techniques to test (black box, white box, stress/load, data integrity, security, automation) -Conduct software testing effectively and efficiently across desktop, web , mobile and emerging technologies -Proven experience of testing on different browsers after deployment -Develop and exhibit advanced level knowledge of QA lifecycle -Understand business requirements, prepare test estimates and test plans, conduct test execution and prepare results -Proven experience on product having clients is huge plus -Handle the ripple effect on requirement change -Automation experience is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Senior Software Engineer (.Net MVC C#) Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 3+ years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • Str...ong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus • Experience in finance related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
AOA  Kisi ko pata ha k fast islb ma Artificial intelligence  ka closing merit kia ha.......... Mera agg 83 ha. Aur NTS base pa b apply kia tha #NUCES
Maine MS AF ka test dia tha, kesy pta lgay ga selected hon ya not selected?
Mera fast Khi ma CS r isl mein DS ma eligible aya hai tou dono jagah application bheji abb khi campus na accept krli hai r isl walo na kaha hai k 12 k baad bataye ga agr khi accept krta ho tou kya isl ma DS ma name aye ga ya nahi r agr aye ga tou ma karachi sa CS ma sa isl DS ma tranfer krr sakhta ho. Plzz guide
Is there any Hostel near Fast Isb at a walking distance?



Yr ye campus change wla kia scene k agr mny islmbd s faislabad kya h tu iska mtlb islmbd ki merit list s khtm ??

Aslam u alikum  Fast islamabad se electrical kru ya CS plzz need a serious suggestion and uet ya fast kis ki electrical behtar hogi

To all those boys/girls jo 90%+ aggregate pr select hogye hain to bhai Fast mein kio aarhy ho,go for Comsats,PUCIT etc kuch ham 70+ waloo pr rehm krlo. 🤧 FAST is not for prhakooo bachayy!🤦‍♀️
Alhamdulilah By the Grace Of Allah Almighty Got selected in FAST . Biggest dream in my life . Seniors please guide krein suna hy prhai mushkil hy😔.


Any info about MS test results and merit list?

Aik banda FAST islamabad may admission karlay , aur baad may cancel karlay, to us kay cancellation par doosra banda immediate apply karsakta hai ?  Ya FAST walay phir wahi merit par invite karengay ?
SELECTED IN FAST BSCS (PESHAWAR CAMPUS),Shall i go there?! #helppls
BS(se) is best option or BS(cs) plzz anyone who guid me batter ?
If someone gets admission in Fast Islamabad campus in BSCS but he wants to go to Lahore campus now. Is this even possible. Fast kai form pai Islamabad prefer Kia tha but now wanna go to Lahore Fast. Should I submit fee to Islamabad campus or not? Also Lahore fast main CS kai lye eligible nahi aya hai. Someone guide please.
Is the BBA program any good at FAST Islamabad? As compared to other BBA offering universities in Islamabad. Any insight would be appreciated. 
Hello guys, I wanted to ask K agr ma  2nd merit list ka wait karon ga toh jo available options ha mara paas e.g faislabad ur Peshawar k, woh khatam toh nhi ho jae ga? Kia ma phir bi in campuses ma apply kr paon ga jahan eligible hoon?

Salam, I want to take admission in FAST   BCS. I want to take admission in spring. Can I take admission in spring. If I can, then what are the procedures?kindly inform me.

Aslamuallaikum! Alhamdulilah got selected in FAST. Pochna ye tha k Fees k ilawa 1 month ka kitna khrcha hojata he(hostel+khana weghera +others)
got admission in fast nu islamabad in bs ds successfuly but now hostel is biggest issue.Any senior suggestion please!
Asslamoalikum Everyone  Ak Problem hea Meare FSC Complete hea 2019 mea result aya tha Gap year hea is saal Improvement kea liea APPLY kia tha but paper nahi hwea  BAHRIA University or Nutech University kea  admission form mea just 1st year kea marks put kar diea thea complete FSC kea nahi kiea thea Result awaiting par click kar dia tha  Abhi mujea tension 😞😢  ho rahe hea Meara agr Merit list mea nam aa gya Admission be ho Gya Clases be shoro ho gi tabh wo bad mea meara Admiss...ion cancel na kar dn 😕 1st year kea sath aggregate 81% ban raha hea or Complete 2nd year kea sath 75%  1st year mea marks 405 (78%) thea 2nd year mea 755 (69%) Plzzz guide kar dn agr kse ko kouch idea hea is case ka to
Salam, I want to take admission in FAST Peshawar in BCS. I want to take admission in spring. Can I take admission in spring. If I can, then what are the procedures?kindly inform me.
Can someone tell me the merit of BS(CS) and aggregate formula of this year ?
Asslamoalikum Everyone  Ak Problem hea Meare FSC Complete hea 2019 mea result aya tha Gap year hea is saal Improvement kea liea APPLY kia tha but paper nahi hwea  BAHRIA University or Nutech University kea  admission form mea just 1st year kea marks put kar diea thea complete FSC kea nahi kiea thea Result awaiting par click kar dia tha  Abhi mujea tension 😞😢  ho rahe hea Meara agr Merit list mea nam aa gya Admission be ho Gya Clases be shoro ho gi tabh wo bad mea meara Admiss...ion cancel na kar dn 😕 1st year kea sath aggregate 81% ban raha hea or Complete 2nd year kea sath 75%  1st year mea marks 405 (78%) thea 2nd year mea 755 (69%) Plzzz guide kar dn agr kse ko kouch idea hea is case ka to


fast isb ki faculty kaisi hai and is it good decision to go there .senoir guide pls..
Are there any members in this group who are currently studying in FAST - Islamabad? Preferably their BS AI program.  I need some guidance ASAP. Kindly inbox me.


MS Data Science and CNS ka test kis kis ne diya tha? And Bette option kon c hai agr dono main admission ho jata hai tu?
Nutech ka name NCEAC   website par nahi hea 😕 BS computer science Nutech sea karna chiyea ya nahi ????


How is doing BBA From FAST?

Phir kiya kiya jaye ! scope hai ya nahi 🤔
AOA friends I just passed fsc and am applying for universities How good is the electrical engineering department in fast  1.Are teachers good 2. Where does fast stand as compared to comsats air and bahria for electrical engineering... Please answer I will be very grateful of you

Hey Guys got admission in Fast Peshawar for CS What are your suggestions Should i go for it or not? Need review from a alumni if any
Hi, i am MS student. If you are enrolled in university, kindly fill this form. It will take only 5 mins and would be of great help for my thesis. .

Hello everyone i want to ask if i am eligible for karachi and take admission there and then my name come in 2nd merit list then can i move back to isb campus?
Plz guide me that what is the condition of department of electrical engineering in fast ibd . Moreover which is better uet Lahore or fast ibd for electrical engineering
#FAST_Software_and_AI_Selected_Candidate_at_Islamabad_Campus Jinka Software Engineering ya AI main Islamabad Campus main select hogae hai... please Drop your Aggregate(if your selected as I mention above) Mine is 88.2
AOA  Iplz koi help kare. . i selected in fast lahore for EE. But i want admission in CS islamabad . I eligible in CS islamabad how i can apply in cs isb plz guide

What is condition of electrical engineering department of fast ibd which will be the Best choice uet Lahore or fast  ibd for electrical engineering


Alhamdulliah got 87 aggregate and selected in CS & Data Science. Mera passion Data Science me hi so ab CS or Data Science ? Seniors please help me and mahol kidhr acha ho ga ?


Hello everyone,i hope you all are fine,few days ago,some student here in this group asked for course material of object oriented programming,and few other courses,i wanted to send that time but i forgot,here is the link from where you can access the material,i did bachelors in computer science from bahria university,so contents might be bit different then the Fast univerity but concept are same,the google drive contains slides for : 1)Object oriented programming C++ 3)Discrete mathematics Its for your own self learning,and if anyone needs some more material regarding computer courses,i will give it for free)i have stored all the contents from semester 1 to 8),i will advise you all to save and store your semester notes,files in organized way,it will help you in future as well,if i have,i will share insha Allah.Share it with others,study hard and study well :)
Mphil  test computer department ka result kb ay g ? Islamabad campus
Alhamdulillah got 91 aggregate in the test and got selected in cs. 🤩 Can anyone tell keh Mahool kesa hota ha University ka ??
Seniors please guide me eligible ka kia mtlb hai...



Bhai main na fast islamabad k liya apply kiya tha but meri selection nhi hoyi  but other campus main mujha elligible kiya gya ha kya is ka matlab ha main dosra campus main selected hn or ja skta hn please guide me

MS(data science) Entry test mn taqreeban 35 number ay hen  Ap logo k kitny marks hen?
When we can't apply for pre eng fields then why the hell pre eng students can apply for ics's fields😡😡
A. O. A kisi ka admission huwa Hai fast mai aik help chahiye ?
Alhamdulillah Selected❤ For BS(CS) ❗ Islamabad Campus❗

For all those students applied to GIKI and have test this Saturday/Sunday! As part of PrepareHOW, Taha Mahmood and Mohammad Huzaifah Owais from GIKI have made a Full Length Paper for students to practice before they appear in GIKI Entry Test. Do practice MCQs given in FLP and let us know of your thoughts/feedback in the comments section. Share this with your friends and class fellows as well!
Bs accounting and finance ka closing merit kitna hy isl campus ka ?
Thank God feeling so happy, got admission in Bs EE, BS AF BS Cs. I am thinking to persue Cs from FAST. Any suggestions seniors?

Fast islamabd campus ki doosri merit list kb lage gi ?
We are looking for an energetic iOS developer, who is willing to learn and grow. The ideal candidate must have strong problem-solving skills and creative instincts to develop and maintain iOS applications. The candidate will be given a platform to work on market-leading, innovative, and challenging mobile apps. Must have published at least one application on Apple App Store: -Participate in internal development projects such as developing new products and enhancing/maintaining the existing products. -Contribute to the development of life-cycle, design, implementation, and test. -Experience with Swift, Objective-C, and Cocoa Touch. -Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc. -Experience with core data, offline storage, threading, and performance tuning -Development Knowledge of JSON, REST, and XML based web services and their working. -Hands-on experience of creating custom UI controls, designing protocols, implementing interfaces, and performance optimization -Understanding of Apple design principles and interface guidelines. -Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications -Translation of designer mock-ups and wireframes into front-end code -Understanding and maintenance of our existing code/apps -Understanding of prior developed projects and enhancing features -Self-driven and do work on your own by taking ownership. -Strong problem-solving skills. -Comfortable in working with the team as well as independently. -Learning attitude, communication, and passion to code Location: Scheme 3, Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk


Mera isb ma naam ni aya magr Peshawar campus ma CS aur SE ma eligible likha ha

Alhamdulilah selected in Mechanical Engineering in Islamabad campus ✌️
What's the difference between eligible and selected?
AlhamduAllah selected 🥰 MiNe Aggregate 91 Selected in Both Bs (CS) BS Accounting and finance Plz which field is best in Fast ?


Which degree is most interesting and good? And from which University should I do? 1- Software engineering 2- Artificial Intelligence 3- Computer Science 4- Mechatronics
Men SE men select hua hn par men kia CS men Ja sakta hn.??
Hi guyzz mera FAST mein admission ho gaya hai. Plzzz tell me yahan ka mahol kaisa hai??

88.9% aggregate. BS CS/SE ki umeed rakhon LHR campus main?

A. O. A kisi ka admission huwa ho or his ne admission k liye fee jama na krwani ho
Anyone from pesh campus? Plx comments i have queries


Fast faisalbad campis kaisa ha study k lihaz sa please guide me

Electrical engineering or software engineering  ki fee ka koi bta ga ? Islamabad campus
Bhai please guide me mujha 3 campus main  elligible kiya ha is ka matlab ha k main tinu main sa kisi main bhi ja skya hn
2nd merit list lagay gi kya😒?
Jo bachy dosre Campus main eligible hain woh kia kare... Plz tell me what to do?
Whats the closing merit of CS this time im quite nervous as i am not in the 1st list  Kindly help

Fast Peshawar campus kehsa hai.....Mere baba ko kisi ne bataya hai k wahan ki degree ka faida ni🙄🙄
Any one know clossing merit for bsAI
Anyone knows about exact closing merit for bba in islamabad?
Bro please koi bs(a&f) ka closing merit bata do. 🙏🏼
What is FAST's criteria to put students into different sections? Is it based on the merit number? For example students with higher merit position are put into sections like CS(A) or CS(B). Can anyone confirm?
Can any one guide , Bs computer science is better or Bs Software engineering from Fast Islamabad.
Bhai fast ka aggrigate kaisa check krien
Kal Fast Islamabad office open hoga?
ma bht confused ho plz guide kara hr ek student na top 4 5 bscs universities ma apply kiya howa hai or jaisa aj fast merit 90+ wala students aya ese tarah dusra universities ma b aya ga its mean humra pr 1st merit list ma name na aya ga lykn ab 90+ wala students srf ek uni ma hi apply kara ga pr dusra merit list laga d 4 5bscs universities k bad ma na backup jo universities raki te unka result phala a raha hai or Parents keh raha hai jahan phala admission mela waha karo admission agr ma backup university admission lo (backup university =SZABIST,IIUI,Bahria Islamabad,IST) or bad top university name jaisa k Fast Islamabad, ITU, PUCIT or Comsats Islamabad kise ek ma name a jaya pr kia karo  #PlzGuideMe #Properly

I think the results are finally available  for everyone if u wait long enough. Also I got selected for CS Islamabad  Allah ka shukr hai :)
Next merit list Insha Allah after 12 Aug.

peshawar ky lyia kesy apply keryn??







80% aggregate and   eligible for all campus except Islamabad -_-
Closing merit of BS(AI)?
Mera merit list me naam nahi aaya :) Different campus me different field ka aagaya Mene poochna Tha keh 2nd merit list Kab haa? Aur usme chance haa naam aane ka?

 Need your Guidance regarding BS(EE) in Islamabad Campus. Any Student from EE here?!
Oo yaar Mera kya scene Hai fast ka koi second list ka chance Hai k nai?... Matric 991/1100 Inter 436/520
Test na ly kr merit takreeban itna hi high ho giya jitna medical walon ka hota hai
Anyone from bscs dept isl?I want to take some info plzz
I've a concern, when your A levels result is not out, university considers it as 60 percent ( if it's same like 4 years ago) and your aggregate becomes lower, this was compensated in previous years with entry test but since we don't have one now, I want to get the feed back from the CIE students....
jis ka b merit par naam nae aya kya unhon nay dosri uni mein apply kiya hye in isb ? For Cs
Does Anybody know if wanna change the campus from peashwae to lahore or islamabad so what should i have to do

Anyone Selected for BBA in Islamabad ? Agg.,?
Jis jis ka cs me admission hua hai isl campus mjhe btaye ya DM kr de



Yrr mera to pashawar mn ho gya kia Islamabad campus mn tha ab kya krun??? Change ho skta k na?
What’s the closing merit for (AI) and (DS) - Islamabad campus?

Ajj kisi ka Data Science or CNS ka test tha Kya? Islamabad campus
yar mana karachi campus maan apply kiya tha lakin mera wahan nahi hoa or mera faisalabad maan elligible likha a raha ha to kia maan fast faisalabad ja sakta hon plz tell me



U can check your merit from here: Syed Shah Mir Ali http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/AdmissionResult/
ASSALAM O ALYKUM  fast Isb ke bad knsa campus better he? Peshawar, Karachi ya Faisalabad And what is the procedure for eligible seats?
70% aggregate Any chances In Bscs in Islamabad Campus?
yar mana karachi campus maan apply kiya tha lakin mera wahan nahi hoa or mera faisalabad maan elligible likha a raha ha to kia maan fast faisalabad ja sakta hon plz tell me
Rat bar nh soya web site down hona k waja sa ek sal zaya kiye just fast uni k liya lykn pr b select na howa tora bht afsos howa hai lykn mare msg unk liya hai who says #gotrejeceted Ab mari bt sonay  agr fast lahore cs ma 91%stop howa or 89% fast Islamabad ka howa hai toh bhai log pr or universities kise lage pr i mean NUST PUCIT ITU COMSATS pr dusri uni's itni merit na hona wali 80% to 90% pr yahi aya ga i sure maybe phala merit ma aya  q ki hr ek na 4 5top bscs universities apply kiya toh jo 90%hoga toh select sab hoga lykn admission toh sab na la sakte hai na #bepatient #justwaitandwatch
Koi muja btay ga ka domicell must hy douments ,admission ka lia
Bhaiyoo eligible ya selected main kia farq haii....... aur eligible hony ky bad kia kareinn?
Aoa. Anyone who has given today (or recently) Admission Test for MS Data Science/AI/ SE/CNS? I need some information. Thanks
Those who missed test today, can they give again? My test was at 11:30,aankh nahi khuli, was working all night on some task :(

merit for bscs?

Pata ni laikn mujhe ni lagta k 2nd ya 3rd merit list lagy gi ye final hai unhon ne ye bi mention ni kiya wa k ye 1st merit list hai and secondly ye jo eligible likha wa raha hai ye to phyr 3rd wali list mn likha hona chaiye ta k jis ka 3rd list mn bi nam na aye wo transfer kr ly😭😭😭
Salam all, hey friends, I have test for Masters in datascience tomorrow, due to freelancing, work, zada time nae Mila for practice, revision etc, anyone willing to join me for preparation tonight, like till 2,3 AM, my test is at 11:30 BTW,or if someone can just mention some resources that are enough for test preparation, I will be grateful.  Ping me if anyone is interested, thank you



Alhamdulillah , got admission for BS CS in Islamabad campus



Did anyone get sms or email about result? Portal is down/not working....

 If you are an engineer (electrical/electronics/telecom/computer/mechanical/civil/environmental) graduated after 2014 or still a student, and want to earn sitting at your home, we have an exciting part-time opportunity for you.

Accounting & finance Ka closing merit?

Bhai CS ka closing merit kitna thaa
2nd merit list kab ati hai?
Any idea about closing merit of SE ISB campus?
when will 2nd list be available on Fast
I applied for BS CS, SE & AI in Islamabad campus. My aggregate is 79.8 % and I've not been selected in any of respective field. But it has shown me eligible in Peshawar in BS CS and BS SE. Will there be any 2nd merit list? If yes than will they consider me in Islamabad because they've already allocated me in Peshawar's Campus. Also I was expecting my name in AI in Islamabad campus.
#FAST_Merit_List 2 hour Remaining  Who’s WAITING😮😮



Software Engineer (.Net MVC C#) Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 3+ years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • Strong ana...lytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus • Experience in finance related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Android Developer Techovative is UK based company providing services in healthcare/ telemedicine sector. We are looking for talented Android Developer to take ownership of development of mobile app and work closely with the design team to build amazing mobile app. Expect to move fast to take lead in all the things in Android mobile development. We are a Technology company and you need to have in-depth knowledge of mobile application development & best practices in Android pla...tform. Knowledge of iOS will be a plus. Details: • Hands on experience interfacing to back-end APIs (Firebase, other APIs) • In-depth knowledge of Restful API, different logging framework, and offline storage • Experience working in a team environment • Solid experience in SQLite, Realm, ROOM • Maintain code and write unit-test for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability. • Good knowledge of different Android versions and it’s feature and different library • Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable code • Should be innovative to maximize development efficiency. • Experience with multi-threading programming and developing highly secured app • Can work with minimum supervision • Ability to act like a product manager to define and prioritize features and implement them • “Ownership” attitude versus simply doing by instruction—constant internal drive to make the user experience and overall brand better, and an eagerness to understand and apply the latest design principles • Understanding of technical products, and are excited to take complicated problems and make them simple for our customers to control and manage • Experience in working and collaborating with diverse teams in a dynamic, rapid growth environment • An outstanding portfolio showcasing a depth of knowledge in user experience, interaction, and visual/user interface design • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools  • Design, evaluate, update and maintain cross-platform applications • Document the Analysis, Design and Development phases • Translate client’s information into a functional application • Develop functional and technical specifications for projects • Determine all necessary coding requirements for the project/application Other Responsibilities include: • Advising the executives on the necessities and information required for the project. • Taking part in the preliminary planning of the project, meeting and discussing ideas related to it. Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
bba ka closing merit kya tha????
O Bhai website open nai ho rahi Kia krun
Listen I have applied in both B's accounting and finance plus bba Got message of selection in B's accounting and finance becz it was my first priority So if I wanna switch to bba ,would there b way ? Plus I have also applied for financial aid what about that????... According to schedule ,there would be 6 to13 call over time ,for financial aid applicant (so when will they inform for that)




Fast ki kitni merit lists lagti hain?
Bhaiyo Load kamm dalo mujhe bhi check krnay do half hour ho gya Open he ni ho rha🙈😶


Please kindy koi senior student bata dain k is dafa only 1 Marit list lagy gi 《Bscs》 ki or bh lagyn ge

Hello, I’ve applied for BSCS! Somehow I forgot to upload my CNIC, now due date is gone, my question is will they consider my admission?
What is the cut off merit for BSCS in Isl and Lahore campus?


Electrical engineering merit kitne pr cutoff??
Bba ka bta dou merit koi?

I wanted recommendations on bachelors in artificial intelligence from Fast Islamabad campus, Is it a good option? I have great interest in Artifical Intelligence but I am confused whether doing AI degree at fast Islamabad would be worth or not? Opinions/suggestions of everyone will be  highly appreciated...


Yar 2020 addmission merit list kab announce  hoga  kisi k pas informations hai?

The Merit for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS have been announced  for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results. For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk
Ms CNS  Koi bta skta hai ke test ka schedule change kar skty hain (its possible or not)
MS (cns) 👀?


I am looking for a person who can do tax assignments. He/she must be able to perform calculations of different taxation systems. Please inbox #paid_task



Yar BSCS ka result kese maloom karain

Merit list kab ayegi?When will the merit list come?


I applied for BS Cyber security on open merit.... 4 ko list lgni thi kesay pta chalay ga?
Kia merit list upload ho gai hy?



Any Senoir Of BBA OR BSCS  plzz let me know i want to discuss something by them
Anyone knows expected merit for cs or SE in fast nu Cfd campus ?
Ak He List Lagti ha Fast ma Bscs k liya Ha??

Hello guys, I'm from an alevel background. I applied to Fast from their admission portal and at that time, there was no problem but now they mailed me that i have to put alevel equivalent but i havent received my A2 result yet. They said before that if someones doesnt have their alevel result, they can skip that. Ive attached that screen shot too. What should i do?

Assalam o alikum,81.40 any chance in bscs Islamabad campus kia kehti hai ap log 😨🥴

Latest up date Fast undergraduate merit list postponed till 5/8/2020  at 11 pm.

Aoa MS software engineering ka test kab hy ply 5 date thi ab kuch b show ni ho raha admit card b ni kindly koi guide kr day... ply MS management science ka b 5 ko tha Message b aya tha but ab  8 ko hy.
Kal kitny bajy list lagni????
Yr meri MS ky TEST DATE 6th August aagye hy... pahly 4th thi... isi date ko PAK ARMY ki bhi date hy...  What should I do.. They should at least checked it with other institutions before changing dates
85% aggregate  kindly guide please any chance in cs Islamabad

Hello all, I am applying for masters in datascience, first they said test hoga, then said test nahi hoga, and two days ago I got a test day message, yani ab test hoga? They should make it clear from day 1

Need people with amazing listening skills, good English, and attention to detail. Work from home

958/1100 in matric, 841/1100 in fsc, any chance in FAST BS(CS)?
Any one get Admission Text From CASE Islamabad ??
Yeh fast ka test phir cancel q hwa any idea.....
Kyia Fast full Need based scholarship dete hai ??

Aslam Alaiikum all, To avoid killing your time, I will try my best to keep the announcement as precise and brief as possible. The prime and sole purpose of this post is to seek graduates preferably from Islamabad and Rawalpindi with Electronics/Electrical or Software Engineering background, who are willing to work on a startup relevant to Home Automation as a team. On top of that, who are responsible and committed enough to achieve short term targets by investing their energi...es and time with patience. All you need to put is the investment in terms of dedication and time. If you’re interested, please contact me for further discussion. DISCLAIMER: It is not a job opportunity, it’s a business plan instead. NOTE: Please use your official Facebook ID to contact me in order to get response.

admission last date kab hain???
Meri sister ne fast Islamabad me apply kiya he us ka aggregate 81 he us ka CS or SE dono me interest he so guide me ke us ko 1st pr konse field rhakni chae jis me us ka admission confirm he agr wo 1st pr CS rhakti he or 2nd pr SE or agr cs me nhe ata us ka name to SE me confirm ajae ga name us ka Thanks👍👍👍
ISS ko update Karne se tu masla Nahi hoga ...
Aoa. There are no hostel accomdation for boys wih FAST islamabad. Are there any private hostel accomdation near fast?. seniors alreday living in private hostels kindly guide.  Regards
Fast fee per smester or agar scholarship/Financial aid paii admission ho to kya fee ha?  Kindly Guide kr dain?

Fast software engineering ka test ly rhi hy ?

Verilog is a hardware description language (HDL) used to modeling digital-systems at all levels of abstraction from the algorithmic-level to the gate-models on ...FPGA's.  In electronics, FPGA or Field Programmable Gate Array refers as the programmable IC. It has a wide range of uses in aerospace, defense, medicine, television, consumer electronics, industrial motor control, scientific instruments, cyber security systems, and wireless communications, etc. Therefore, it is crucial to have extensive understanding of such devices to enter such industries. With this in mind, IEEE RAS CUI brings you a Webinar with the aim of achieving precisely this. #IEEE  #FPGA  #VERILOG  #IEEERAS  #IEEERASCUI  #ElectronicsIndustry
Are you all still able to update your application or have received any message from the University?
 Admissions at FAST NUCES - Peshawar Campus is Open. To apply visit: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/
Matric 73% fsc 58% any chance in bba  and test compulsory hoaga ya merit pi hoga kindly guide????
78% in SSC 69% in HSSC-I BBA mein chance hai ya nahi?


Fast bscs ka fee structure kia hy per semester



While applying, I had to upload an image of my A-levels results aswell.  The problem is that I have 4 A-level subjects that I gave in 3 different sessions but the application process is not allowing me to upload the 3 report cards I have. 
If you could choose between COMSATS and FAST in terms of SE, Which one would you choose and why?

Fast my registration krwany k baad ka Kya process hy guys?
Metric 88 PERCENT FSC 82 PERCENT Any 1 plz Bs Accounting and finance m ho jainga pre medical Kia ha Maine ho jainga ?

Are there high job opportunities after graduation from fast in BSSE? Need guidance
#FASTnu_Test_for_engProgrammes Fast-nu Will conduct its test only for Engineering Programs, Civil Engineering & Electrical Engineering, not for CS Programs
#Importang_announcement_about_FASTnu New Schedule for FAST-NU, ISLAMABAD Fast-nu Conducting its Test for Engineering Programs (CE & EE)
Bssec fall in computing or in engineering program?
Admission test? Ya kya hy
  Ahmad Malik is currently working as an independent IT Management Advisor with a leading he...althcare organization in the USA. Sheeba Malik is an experienced Project Management Professional (PMP) and ITIL Service Management Expert with more than 19 years of experience in successfully managing and delivering complex, large scale technology projects from conception through implementation with a focus on SDLC and end to end solution delivery. Currently she is working in Apple.  Jasim Qazi who graduated from FAST in 2008 and since then has moved to California to venture into the world of video games. He pursued a masters in computer science from San Jose State University, CA and worked for different startups in Silicon Valley before moving to Los Angeles.
Expected merit list of fast islamabad
anyone tell me ke fast ka aggregate kis basis pe banay ga bscs ke lye kitne percent matric kitne percent fsc?


Maine apni FSC pichle saal complete krli thi tou kiyaa mai fsc k number daaloon ya 1st year k kindly tell me.
Matric 77% Fsc part 1:50.49% Any chance in BBA 😐😐😐

Fast University ki bajian hazir hon plz  Islamabad me koi acha hostel batain reasonable
Is there any hostel nearby Fast where majority of fast students are residing at? And I have heard that it is too hard to survive in fast so I am just making sure and asking you all is it possible for an average student to survive there and how is it hard? Assignments burden or it is the exams.
80% in matric 77% in fsc part 1 Any chance in bscs isl??
Metric    80% Fsc 1.     64% Any chance in bs data science isb campus

Anyone from bscs department I want to take some info or total credit hours kitne hotay hen ek semester me?
8 days left to apply! FAST NUCES - Peshawar Campus admissions will be closed in 8 days. Avail this time to complete your application and become a part of the dy...namic FAST community. To Apply: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/ Announcement **Admissions will not be denied on the basis of financial condition of a candidate ** #KeepGoingPlaces #Admissions2020 #fastnucespwr #computerscience #electricalengineering #softwareengineering #DataScience #FASTcomunity
Salam. Can any one guide me about MS AI from FAST isb Like  Eligibility criteria because I'm math student can i apply For Artificial intelligence after BS math?
I wanna ask question about fast nu experience as you are in fast. One of my friend interested in bscs fast but he have no idea about fast research in computer science and entrepreneurship skills as well as extracurricular activities. But he is sure about fast reputation on producing hard core cs graduates. He wants to join Islamabad.
A.o.A!  I've done BS electrical engineering from comsats and now I've applied for MS in { 1)AI 2)Data science 3)Computer Network security } in FAST. I need some guidance.  1) AI and Data Science k liye 1 he test ho ga  aur Computer Network Security ka seperate test ho ga toh test pattern kya ho ga? GAT ki trah ho ga ya different? Donu tests main kya difference ho ga?  2)Test main kitny marks required han to secure admission in MS? My CGPA is 2.7.  3) What is fee structure for MS in these programs?
Matric 93% 1st year 84% Chance in AI/Software in FAST-nu Islamabad campus???
88.5 aggregate, kia BsCs me ho jae ga ( open merit )?
 Get Ready if you thinking to apply for admission and visa application for Australia, 2020/2021. The Gov...ernment will recommence granting student visas for offshore students. This means when borders re-open, students will already have visas and be able to make arrangements to travel. Some important points from today’s media released by the Acting Minister for Immigration, Citizenship, Migrant Services and Multicultural Affairs The Hon Dan Tehan MP:   👉International students will be able to lodge a further student visa application free of charge if they are unable to complete their studies within their original visa validity due to COVID-19. 👉Current student visa holders studying online outside Australia due to COVID-19 will be able to use that study to count towards the Australian study requirement for a post-study work visa. 👉Graduates who held a student visa will be eligible to apply for a post-study work visa outside Australia if they are unable to return due to COVID-19. 👉Additional time will be given for applicants to provide English language results where COVID-19 has disrupted access to these services. Feel free to contact us on +61426298153, WhatsApp +61426298153 and Email: info@sarimowais.com
 Get Ready if you thinking to apply for admission and visa application for Australia, 2020/2021. The Gov...ernment will recommence granting student visas for offshore students. This means when borders re-open, students will already have visas and be able to make arrangements to travel. Some important points from today’s media released by the Acting Minister for Immigration, Citizenship, Migrant Services and Multicultural Affairs The Hon Dan Tehan MP:   👉International students will be able to lodge a further student visa application free of charge if they are unable to complete their studies within their original visa validity due to COVID-19. 👉Current student visa holders studying online outside Australia due to COVID-19 will be able to use that study to count towards the Australian study requirement for a post-study work visa. 👉Graduates who held a student visa will be eligible to apply for a post-study work visa outside Australia if they are unable to return due to COVID-19. 👉Additional time will be given for applicants to provide English language results where COVID-19 has disrupted access to these services. Feel free to contact us on +61426298153, WhatsApp +61426298153 and Email: info@sarimowais.com
Matric 83% 1st year 78% any chance in software engineering
Hiring for the new batch. Join us today. We don't speak of ourselves, but our work does.We have 50 seats exclusively for an easiest campaign on earth. Everyone is welcomed including fresh candidates. Handsome salary: Experienced candidates can earn a basic salary up to 200,000/- PKR. Whereas, Fresh candidates start earning from 25,000/- PKR, plus attractive Bonus / Incentives.
Matric 90% Fsc 88% Any chance to come up at the top of list?????
AOA everyone Matric 77% Fsc part 1:50.19% Any chance for admission in Bs accounting and finance... please reply
Hi..mera metric or fsc 1 me 76% ha marks h.kya mera Fast isd me BS Cs me ho jye ga admission
Yahan Kon Kon h just NY B's accounting and finance or bba me apply Kia?? Drop your face and matric marks
Aoa, Can someone please explain k Fast's formula for Alevel students kese use hoga?? My olevel equivalence is 788/900. I'm an Alevel result awaiting candidate.
I have regietered myself in fast university. I received a message which said that upload the required documents. When i tried to upload, the system has only an option to upload olevel documents. So how will I upload my Alevel documents?
Which one has more scope and best bba or B's accounting and finance????
It's a story of a nerd student who couldnt make it to the medical university, because he lacked the necessary ingredients to be smart and bright. But soon, he acquired those skills through the website "yourevaluate.com". The platform gave him the opportunity to compete with other students all around the country, who were preparing for the same entry test exams.
Announcement **Admissions will not be denied on the basis of financial condition of a candidate ** Department of Electrical Engineering. Admissions Open Fall 20...20 BS, MS and PhD Programs.  If you have the passion to explore the innovative power of Engineering, join our graduate and doctoral programs in Electrical Engineering. For admission details please visit: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/ For more details inbox us or email at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk Call us: (+92) 334 112 8128 (+92) 335 112 8128 (+92) 336 112 8128 Website: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/
Explainable AI is a set of tools and frameworks to help you develop interpretable and inclusive machine learning models and deploy them with confidence. Stay tuned ad keep an eye on our event page to receive updates and other details regarding this webinar.

#Join_Pak_Army_As_Captain_Through_Direct_Short_Service_Commission_DSSC_Job_July_2020  For apply online click here: https://www.joinpakarmy.gov.pk/
ASSALAM o ALEIKUM! Jinhon ny FAST mn b.s programs k liy apply kia hy, unko aj koi msg aia hy Kia???
Meet our KP Techies serving country in different ways and making their parents feel proud of them. More power to you girls!

The BBA structure at FAST keeps in mind the dynamically changing work environment and the demanding need for all-rounded employees. Join the BBA program to be f...ully prepared to put your best foot forward in the job world. To more information visit:  http://nu.edu.pk/Program/BBA To Apply now visit:  http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/
Kiya ham discipline change kar sakte hain . I want to change it from BBA to Accounting and finance like is it possible now?
#Lahore #jobs #callcenter Hirring good communication staff Male and female both Qualification: #Matric to #onward Salary: 18,000 - 35,000(Depends on the interview) Skills:... > Positive Attitue > Listening power > Communication skills Apply Now Whatsapp: 03229714227 (Miss Fari) Lahore
What is fee of software engineering per samster..? In FAST... Help please

Yahan py koi jawab kiun Ni diata suoi hoi mahkloq Btw Bba ka last yr starting merit baata dain
Do you plan to apply for the Fulbright Scholarship 2021 but still have questions?  Then Join us on coming Monday at 12:00 PM for an exclusive Facebook live sess...ion with an official representative of United States Educational Foundation in Pakistan (USEFP). Mr. Rahat Karim, the Program Officer at USEFP Pakistan (Fulbright Commission) will be answering all your queries regarding Fulbright Scholarship 2021.  

BsCS is best or Bs cyber security?  Anyone can tell?



Skilled Recognized Graduate visa 476 is for the recent engineering graduates that allow them to live, study or work in Australia for up to the duration of 18 mo...nths. This visa provides fresh engineering graduates with full working rights to acquire related skills and workplace experience.
Application for Google for Startups Accelerator: Southeast Asia is now open! The accelerator includes mentorship, access to Google technology experts, and works...hops on product, design, customer acquisition, and leadership development. Learn more and submit your application by July 19 here → g.co/acceleratorSEA
Urgent Python django developer required in islamabad. Basic requirements are listed below. Salary range can be from 25-40k depending upon expertise. 2 salary appraisals yearly plus basic befits 24 paid leaves per year etc. Interested candidates can send cv to af@rapidev.ae or you can contact me directly.

LIVE SESSION at 8:00PM!
 Visit our website for details. Submit your application at http://bit.ly/OdettaOpenings #Spreadtheword #odetta #odettainc #remotejob #applynow #flattenthecurve #sharingiscaring #womenintech #womenindata #dataanalyst #teamleaders #projectmanager




Hi I joined Fast last year for my Masters program in DS but could not continue it due to a personal reason I left it without giving any notice. I want to rejoin Fast how can I do so?
Fast entry test ly raha hai ya nahi yahan tu date di hoi hai enhu ney ungraduate ka test hoga ????
Last year ki bba ki merit list koi share krdy?????
 I have done BSC in Electrical Engineering and also have done MS in Energy. Now, I want to do Masters in Computer Science from FAST.  I know that I can apply for MS in CS after having done BS in EE but I tried doing the same in another university. I passed the test and everything was clear until the last moment, when they said that they won't take me in because I have already done Masters in Energy and now I can't do another Masters... Is it also true for FAST? Please guide, as I couldn't receive any reasonable response from the official mail provided by FAST.
Aoa,just need a little review about Fast University, I'm thinking to apply in Fast  for software engineering is it worth? secondly just need a basic review of the environment..is it friendly? Management? Studies?Stuff is cooperative? and what should i prepare for my entry test if I'm going to opt software engineering? or computer engineering Particularly I'm interested in Computer sciences but  if software engineering is really worth in future should i go for it? Just need a little info and guidance about SE and a basic information about the fast is it good to apply for it in fast University or there are some drawbacks? Just confused between the debate of the  subjects,however computer science is more appealing to me..
I got 1033/1100 marks in Matric and 400/520 marks in Fsc. Can I get admisn in Bscs or Bscyber security? And Plzz tell me about Entry test of FAST.



 Qualification: BBA/MBA (Marketing) Experience: Fresh-6 months (Experience in organizing events/festivals in university and content management) Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk
Looking for a potential candidate who has experience in freelance bidding and with 16 years educations. The graduation should be in BBA (HR, Marketing etc) or relevant field.
Facebook Live! Virtual Open House: BBA & BS(A&F) at FAST School of Management by senior faculty members and program coordinators. Time: 2:00 PM
1st year 😭380/520 how much marks in nts required to secure position in bs Cyber security,bs artificial intelligence,bs data science?

Is it necessary to have studied maths in order to apply for bba?
Assalam o alikum, Fast loan kisa basis pr dati hai or jo financial aid ka date diya howa hai interview k liya wo interview kisa liya hote hai? loan lena k bad graduate tak loan dena parta hai ya pr job k time dena hoga PLEASE COMPLETELY GUIDE ME ,All alot of students yahi pochna chahti hai  #THANKS😊

64.83 mai kya cs ya cyber security mai hojaye ga ?

Name the best University in Islamabad For IT...Only Name one University...!!!



online foam ka link dy do koi or BBA ke bary me bata do
Kin kin ne fee submit karwaa li aur documents bhi submit krliye (Isb campus)?
Any body can guide me...How is the field of AI(Artificial Intelligence) studying in Fast University.... I'm New here.... I need a lot of Guideness related to this field.....I have recently completed fsc...I'm worried too due to corona pandemic....My marks in matric is 89%..in fsc 79%.

Expected merit of fast isl in SE dept
Can anyone plz tell me mene aik hafta pehle Fast Isl me Registration ki hai to email ya sms kab tak aayega? Anxiously waiting for their response

Can any one tell me What is the Fee Structure of FAST NU ? (Program BSCS)
Bba ka kya merit hai


AoA, last Sunday I submitted my admission application for FAST-NUCES. I entered my phone number in personal information. But some days back my phone fell down and wasn"t starting and can't take out the SIM tray. Hopefully, I would be able to recover the SIM in a week or more(Corona outbreak in our region is so high now a days, so unsure about it).. The question is: Will I face any problem if I don't receive any message , like the one everyone got about application being accepted? And secondly, will we receive any Email from FAST-NUCES if we are selected?  PS I tried to edit my application(as there was an option) but was not able to change the phone number. Thankyou for co-operation in advance.
Looking for the Writers Experience in** Data Structures Algorithms .** Candidates with the respective skills inbox.
Looking for the Writers Experience in** Data Structures Algorithms .** Candidates with the respective skills inbox.

I got 77% in matric and 50.19% in fsc.. any chance for admission  in bscs,BBA,bs accounting and finance,data science , artificial intelligence please guide me
 Sharing is caring 👩‍🎨👨‍🎨 These are the *online free courses* if you are interested to conduct... any session other than these you can contact us  - Drawing 1 (sketching/ charcoal/ portrait/ graphite/ some other pencils) - Portrait making (with paints/colorpecils) - Calligraphy - Water Painting - Pastel work - Oil Painting - Acrylic Painting - Poster Painting - Print Making - Miniature Pencil Lead carving  - Architecture - Miniature art - Digital Painting - Textile Designing  - Fashion Designing - Freelancing - Graphics Designing  - Digital Marketing - Web Developing - Videography - Photography - Creative Work - Designing Work - Arts And Craft


I have choices bscs, bsse, and bsee. Ab mujjey admission dyna chahiye?

Would it better to join BS in DS rather than joining BS in CS or in BS SE ?? I am from karachi but wanna get admission in Islamabad campus .. my percentage is 88.4% in XI
71.54 % can I get admission in fast isb in  CS SE AI EE
wht is the eligibility criteria for Bs(cs)?
Matric 77 % Fsc 52%  Any chance for admission in BBA ??

Aoa, I am currently doing MS environmental engineering from NUST Islamabad. Regarding my thesis work, I need a little favor from members of this group. It is a request that people who are currently accommodated in Islamabad and own a vehicle (car) need to fill this. Your support will be highly appreciated. It will only take a minute. 

Hi everyone...I am looking for a programmer who can help me out in creating algorithms for forex trading. if anyone interested then do drop me a message.
 FAST NUCES Peshawar Campus, is taking the lead in women empowerment initiatives in KP by offering 50% tuition fee waiv...er to all women enrolled in the campus from Fall semester 2020 and onward (BS, MS, PhD). This momentous step by the University aims to encourage women in Tech and Engg in KP to empower the future generation of Pakistan. Know More: Visit http://www.nu.edu.pk To apply: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR
who have recieved msg from fast nu of registration successfully

Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently, it is looking for an experienced Software Quality Assurance Engineer who is interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: -2 years of experience in  QA in any reputed Organization -Knowledge of QA processes, methodologies, and industry best practices -Ability to analyze system features and functionality and determining the... best approach and techniques to test (black box, white box, stress/load, data integrity, security, automation) -Conduct software testing effectively and efficiently across desktop, web , mobile and emerging technologies -Proven experience of testing on different browsers after deployment -Develop and exhibit advanced level knowledge of QA lifecycle -Understand business requirements, prepare test estimates and test plans, conduct test execution and prepare results -Proven experience on product having clients is huge plus -Handle the ripple effect on requirement change -Automation experience is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Nextbridge Pvt Ltd. immediately requires 3-5 iOS Software Engineers with 2.5+ years of related professional experience in Lahore office. Interested candidates can send their resumes at maryam.khalid@nxb.com.pk - Swift , REALM , MVVM/MVP (ideally) - Objective-C - React Native experience will be a plus - Object-Oriented Programming with Objective-C - Xcode IDE - Cocoa Touch Fundamentals Guide - SDK concepts - C++ (Object Oriented) - Development experience for hand held devices (iPalm/Symbion/Windows Mobile etc) - MapKit Integration - Application submission on app store process - Threads and Operations management - Cocoa Touch frameworks - Json, XML - Server side interaction - Strong grip of Sqlite database - Automatic Reference Counting - Cocos 2D and Core Data will be plus
The person should be able to work on e-commerce solutions using e-commerce frameworks like Magento etc. He/she should can communicate in English for professional communication. The person should have an ability to conquer problems and issues and deliver. A team player and a good learner. This is not a remote job and we will need the developer to work from our office based in Peshawar.
Has anyone applied for Fast Study loan?  Is there any eligibility criteria to apply for the loan?
 Link to apply: https://www.erozgaar.pitb.gov.pk/apply Steps to apply: - Click on link given above - Fill the form with your information and create your signup (Provide actual information because you'll be asked to get this information verified later on) - After signup you’ll receive an email and SMS containing your login details - Login through the candidate login link available in the email using the login ID and password details present in the same email - After successful login, You'll be asked to attempt a MCQs based online test consisting of 30 questions in 30 minutes (Make sure you have stable internet and power backup because failure of power/internet may cause blockage to test access) - After signup, You will have 72 hours to give your online test. Otherwise your application will be considered null and void. The eligibility criteria is as follows: - Punjab domicile - Maximum age: 35 years - Education: At least 16 years - Employment Status: Unemployed The 3 domains that candidates can select one from are: 1. Technical 2. Content Marketing & Advertising 3. Creative Design *Freelancing Course will be taught in all 3 domains" so that all our students can monetize their skills and make a handsome amount of money through online means. #eRozgaar #UETTaxila #PITB #AdmissionsOpen #Freelancing #WorkFromHome #EmpoweringYouth #DigitalPakistan #SkillsOfTheFuture #WomenEmpowerment #DigitalSkills #SelfEmployment #OnlineJobs #futureHiring Junaid Ali Rana Faizan Zaheer Punjab Information Technology Board (PITB) University of Engineering and Technology (UET) , Taxila
I had Done BS Honor In Computer Science From GCUF with 68 %.So now am working Android App development. I wanna to Admit Fast Uni for MS Kindly Suggest me. FAST is Good Uni for MS? And Kindly Suggest me About What type of Specialization is Better in Computer Science?

#NewsCenter #CoronaVirusInPakistan #COVID19Pakistan  We're bringing you live from Islamabad, where Students are Protesting & Speaking to Media about HEC On...lince Classes & Universities charging fees from students in these days of lockdown for last 4 months. News Center is one of the fastest updating platform of Pakistan bringing you the latest current affairs from Pakistan and around the world via YouTube, Facebook & Twitter.                               Subscribe to the Official News Center YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy15RPFAIS1TFTfBdscQ69Q/ 
FAST, Peshawar campus is facilitating women by offering a 50% scholarship to all admitted female applicants. Join Peshawar Campus for incomparable academic expo...sure and unlimited opportunities. Apply now! Deadline for admissions: July, 30th 2020 To apply: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ Programs offered: - BS (Electrical Engineering)  - BS (Software Engineering)  - BS (Computer Science)  - MS (Electrical Engineering)  - MS (Data Science)  - MS (Computer Science)  - PhD (Electrical Engineering)  - PhD (Computer Science)  For more details inbox us or email at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk 
Nextbridge Pvt Ltd is looking for 7-8 x PHP Engineers; who are self-starters with 2.5+ years of hands-on experience in building interactive web applications. Position is based in Lahore and Islamabad office. Interested candidates can send in their resumes at yasir.rehman@nxb.com.pk -CS/IT/Software Engineering degree holders with 2.5 years+ post graduation experience in PHP based web development from scratch using Laravel(ideally) or any other PHP MVC frameworks -Sound concepts of OOP, Databases, Requirement Engineering, Application Architecture, PHP (basics to advance level) are a must
Sensotech (www.sensotech.org) has multiple full time job as well as internship opportunities for its office based in Lahore. Remote work is possible. 1. Embedded firmware developers  (Experience in ARM architecture based e-systems is a must) 2. Software developers  (Experience in .NET framework, databases is a must)... 3. Mechanical Engineer  (Experience in SolidWorks is a must) Minimum BS Engineering degree is required. Visit our website for more details and applicants are encouraged to apply through company's LinkedIn page: https://www.linkedin.com/company/34745417 Freshers (or non-relevant experience holders) can apply for internship while min 2-3 years relevant experience is required for full time job.
Techovative is UK based company providing services in healthcare/ telemedicine sector. We are looking for talented Android Developer to take ownership of development of mobile app and work closely with the design team to build amazing mobile app. Expect to move fast to take lead in all the things in Android mobile development. We are a Technology company and you need to have in-depth knowledge of mobile application development & best practices in Android platform. Knowledge o...f iOS will be a plus. Details: • Hands on experience interfacing to back-end APIs (Firebase, other APIs) • In-depth knowledge of Restful API, different logging framework, and offline storage • Experience working in a team environment • Solid experience in SQLite, Realm, ROOM • Maintain code and write unit-test for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability. • Good knowledge of different Android versions and it’s feature and different library • Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable code • Should be innovative to maximize development efficiency. • Experience with multi-threading programming and developing highly secured app • Can work with minimum supervision • Ability to act like a product manager to define and prioritize features and implement them • “Ownership” attitude versus simply doing by instruction—constant internal drive to make the user experience and overall brand better, and an eagerness to understand and apply the latest design principles • Understanding of technical products, and are excited to take complicated problems and make them simple for our customers to control and manage • Experience in working and collaborating with diverse teams in a dynamic, rapid growth environment • An outstanding portfolio showcasing a depth of knowledge in user experience, interaction, and visual/user interface design • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools  • Design, evaluate, update and maintain cross-platform applications • Document the Analysis, Design and Development phases • Translate client’s information into a functional application • Develop functional and technical specifications for projects • Determine all necessary coding requirements for the project/application Other Responsibilities include: • Advising the executives on the necessities and information required for the project. • Taking part in the preliminary planning of the project, meeting and discussing ideas related to it. Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Senior Software Engineer (.Net MVC C#) Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 3+ years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • Str...ong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus • Experience in finance related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
 -> Campaign: Mobility, SEO, medical, Students Insurance, DTV, Dish Tv, UK energy, US energy, Spectrum, Security Alarm
FAST NU has announced admission for fall 2020
So here is our first Solo Singing Contestant, Mr. Maaz Khan with his soulful voice. Wishing you the best!
 #Callcenter #callcenterjob #Lahorejobs #getjobsinlahore #getjobs #jobs #telemarketing #jobincallcenter #homebasedjobs



Ya semester nai asan bas Etna samaj lijeya          ik agh ka Darya ha our doob Kay Jana ha #wargay 😂

 Hope you all are in good health. We know that being quarantined has become very boring and frustrating. Therefore  IEEE has arranged an online Session on Amal Academy so that you can learn some new skills . Amal Academy (Urdu: عمل اکیڈمی‎) is an education venture with the following mission: To use lifelong learning and continuous action to enable a society where everyone is reaching their full potential.

اَللَّهُمَّ أَجِرْنِي مِنَ النَّارِ "O, Allah! save me from hell (fire)" The third Ashra is known for “nijat”. At the end of the Ramadan, we are seeking Allah's... protection from hellfire. Allah knows the best and is Ghafoor and Raheem.  May He gives us the strength to seek mercy, guide us to the righteous path and protect us from hellfire. Ameen! #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS
Last date to apply is Sunday, May 24.
guys what will you prefer civil engineering from normal University or electrical engineering from achi University.plz someone guide me
Techovative is UK based company providing services in healthcare/ telemedicine sector. We are looking for talented Senior Android Developer to take ownership of development of mobile app and work closely with the design team to build amazing mobile app. Expect to move fast to take lead in all the things in Android mobile development. We are a Technology company and you need to have in-depth knowledge of mobile application development & best practices in Android platform. Know...ledge of iOS will be a plus. Details: • Hands on experience interfacing to back-end APIs (Firebase, other APIs) • In-depth knowledge of Restful API, different logging framework, and offline storage • Experience working in a team environment • Solid experience in SQLite, Realm, ROOM • Maintain code and write unit-test for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability. • Good knowledge of different Android versions and it’s feature and different library • Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable code • Should be innovative to maximize development efficiency. • Experience with multi-threading programming and developing highly secured app • Can work with minimum supervision • Ability to act like a product manager to define and prioritize features and implement them • “Ownership” attitude versus simply doing by instruction—constant internal drive to make the user experience and overall brand better, and an eagerness to understand and apply the latest design principles • Understanding of technical products, and are excited to take complicated problems and make them simple for our customers to control and manage • Experience in working and collaborating with diverse teams in a dynamic, rapid growth environment • An outstanding portfolio showcasing a depth of knowledge in user experience, interaction, and visual/user interface design • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools  • Design, evaluate, update and maintain cross-platform applications • Document the Analysis, Design and Development phases • Translate client’s information into a functional application • Develop functional and technical specifications for projects • Determine all necessary coding requirements for the project/application Other Responsibilities include: • Advising the executives on the necessities and information required for the project. • Taking part in the preliminary planning of the project, meeting and discussing ideas related to it. Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
#Hiring Staff males/Females Matric to Masters No target Limited seats available Apppy now... 03229714227
⭐𝐍𝐄𝐖 𝐄𝐌𝐏𝐋𝐎𝐘𝐌𝐄𝐍𝐓 𝐎𝐏𝐏𝐎𝐑𝐓𝐔𝐍𝐈𝐓𝐈𝐄𝐒⭐ 👉 Required Staff male and female for Call center work. ✓Salary : 18k to 45k/(incentives + bonuses)- ✓Fresh Candidates can also apply ✓Education requiref matric to Bachelor... ✓Limited seats 📍Location: Different areas of Lahore #jobsinlahore #callcenter #officejob #homebasedjobs #parttimejob #jobs #fulltimejob #lahore #calls #Pakistan #getjobsinlahore #jobs #telephoneoperator #needstaffincallcenter #needjobs
“Do not be defined and controlled by whatever disorder you have. Know your limitations, but also know that limitations are there to be defied! Go out and do wha...tever you like in life and whatever is possible for you to do. Don’t be controlled by your genes” -Priya Malhotra, a thalassaemic The International Thalassaemia Day, celebrated annually on the 8th of May, is a commemoration day in honour of all patients with thalassaemia and their parents who have never lost hope for life, despite the burden of their disease. Blood Donor Society encourages patients who are fighting thalassaemia across the world. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS

*Important Decisions of NCOC =* 1: Small markets to be opened from sehri till 5pm 3: OPDs to be opened for general public 5: All board exams cancelled nationwide. They will be evaluated on basis of previous results.

Fasting is a shield; so when one of you is fasting he should neither indulge in obscene language nor should he raise his voice in anger. If someone attacks him or insults him, let him say: “I am fasting!”
 We are setting the stage for YOU to show the world your talents! (Music, Stand up Comedy, Recital, Life Hacks and DIY, Movie... or Series Review, Baking and Cooking, Single Act -Acting or any other creative pursuit). You can check clips from our live show last week. What would you like to do in the Q-Times show, where we celebrate creativity and inspire others in these testing times.

يَا حَيُّ يَا قَيُّومُ بِرَحْمَتِكَ أَسْتَغِيثُ                                                                                                                 ...  “O! My Lord forgive and have mercy, and You are the Best of Merciful.” First, Ashra of Ramadan demands from us to be merciful to our fellow beings, giving charity to those who deserve, treat others well by controlling our temper, and help people whenever, wherever, and never say no to them. May Allah Almighty help us to fulfill our obligations. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS
"The month of Ramadan in which was revealed the Qur'an, a guidance for mankind and clear proofs for the guidance and the criterion (between right and wrong)......." Surat al Baqara, 2:185. Ramadan is the holiest month, spent by Muslim fasting during the daylight hours from dawn to sunset. It is a month of blessings, the revelation of honesty, sincerity, self-discipline, and spirituality for Muslims. Blood Donor Society encourages all the Muslims to offer more prayers on this prestigious Islamic month of Ramzan. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe  #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS
 Wanted to contribute with ideas to solve complex health problem. We are looking to accommodate by creating multiple opportunities at Lahore and Islamabad



FCS in collaboration with FEGS is arranging a fund raising PUBG tournament to support Goonj society in helping the poor and needy people in these tough times.

FCS in collaboration with FEGS is arranging a fund raising FIFA tournament to support Goonj society in helping the poor and needy people in these tough times.
Islamabad: Female Customer Relationship Officer required for a leading IT company in Islamabad 
Any one from Cyber security?
We are looking for an SEO Expert (Digital Marketing) to work with us on our on-going projects. You must have a minimum 1 year of experience in SEO and Digital Marketing industry and at-least the clear knowledge of On-Page and Off-Page SEO strategies 2-Good command over On-Page SEO and their essential elements. 3-Must have a good comment on OFF SEO techniques including Local SEO, Guest Posting, Outreach Guest Blogging, Social Media Pages Optimization and understanding of 3-Pack Optimization 4- Complete understanding of Google Search Console and Google Analytics 5- Work with the development team to ensure SEO best practices are properly implemented on the newly developed code



Outbound calling  Spectrum / Dtv / At&T  Minimum 1 year ExperienceJob Details Industry: BPO Call Center Functional Area: Telemarketing... Total Positions: 50 Positions Job Shift: Third Shift (Night) 7 pm to 4 am Monday to Friday Job Type: Contract Job Location: wapda town , Lahore, Pakistan Gender: Male/Females Minimum Education: Intermediate/A-Level Career Level: Expert Experience: Fresh – Minimum 1 Year in SPECTRUM/AT&T/Direct TV as a closer Apply Before: Apr 25, 2020 Posting Date: Apr 18 , 2020. Job Description We are looking for an enthusiastic Telesales Representative to contribute to generating sales for our company. You will be responsible for closing sales deals over the phone and maintaining good customer relationships. Candidate must be comfortable presenting products or services over the phone. Requirements: Good knowledge of relevant computer programs (e.g. CRM software) and telephone systems Ability to learn about products and services and describe/explain them to prospects Excellent knowledge of English Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Cool-tempered and able to handle rejection Outstanding negotiation skills with the ability to resolve issues and address complaints Job Specification Contact potential customers to inform them about a product or service using scripts Answer questions about products or the company Ask questions to understand customer requirements and close sales Enter and update customer information in the database Take and process orders in an accurate manner Go the “extra mile” to meet sales quota and facilitate future sales Keep records of calls and sales and note useful information Skill Basic computer knowledge English Fluency MS Excel MS

Business Development Executive/ Online Bidding Expert Netmatico offers Digital Services (Graphics, Websites, Social Media Marketing etc.). We are looking for an experienced and passionate Business Development Executive who can meet the Sales Targets. The ideal candidate should be responsible for: • Acquiring business through different channels (Upwork, Freelancer, Fiver, Guru, PeoplePerHour). • Prior experience in bidding with grip on Upwork and Freelancer.com etc. is must.... • Acquiring business through outbound calling & email campaigns.  • Quality project selection and bidding. • Writing proposals and customizing each proposal based on the nature of the project. • Project price estimation, quote, proposal creation, talking with client and closure. • Gather client requirements, communicate the requirements with the team and deliver the project to the client. Talking on phone, chatting applications and Skype depending on the requirement from the client • Maintain very high rating on all platforms. • Maintain a healthy relationship with the client(s) and keep a strong follow up. • Experience with interacting with clients in US/ UK / Canada / Australia is a must. • Convert the leads into sales opportunities. • Maintain and update the CRM with accurate data on regular basis. • Focused on customer satisfaction and ensure to resolve all the issues vigilantly.  Skills Required • A-Levels/Graduates /Post Graduate. • Ambitious, Passionate and Target Oriented.  • Strong Sales and Marketing skills. • Experienced in Selling IT Solutions. • Aptitude to Multitask and Prioritize. • Exceptional Communication Skills with expertise in English language. • Have Effective Time Management and Organizational Skills. Excellent Basic Salary + Commission will be awarded, with different commission slabs as per the sales target. This is a sales target-based job, so only 2-5+ years experienced candidates are requested to apply. Job Type: Regular (Office based + Remote)  Timing: Night Shift (6:00pm-3:00am) Office Address: E-11/1 Islamabad. Contact: career@netmatico.com

نبی کریم صلی اللہ علیہ وسلم نے فرمایا ” دو نعمتیں ایسی ہیں کہ اکثر لوگ ان کی قدر نہیں کرتے، صحت اور فراغت۔( صحیح بخآری 6412) World Health Day is observed on 7 A...pril as a global health awareness day. This is the tough time for the approx. whole world is affected by COVID-19. World Health Day 2020 is dedicated to the nurses and midwives who are at the forefront and curing the people from COVID-19 infection #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS

Career Pakistan (CP) is looking for candidates for the position of Team Lead AI Expert at a Company. Location: Karachi. Salary: No Salary Info. Position Title: Team Lead AI Expert Location: Karachi Salary: No Salary Info Essential Requirements (by Career Pakistan): Function: -- Experience in Deep Learning and Python -- Experience of managing a team [Note: Please mention number of people you have managed in your CV] -- Experience in most of the following: Neural Networks, Checkerboard, Generative Approach, Chess, Technews Identification, and Predictive Algorithms Years of Experience: Minimum 2 to 5 years of relevant work experience Preferred Qualification: MS in Deep Learning/Artificial Intelligence
#UPDATE COLLECTED:- Rs.3000 REMAINING:- Rs.47000 LETS SAVE PAKISTAN FROM #CORONAVIRUS TOGETHER. HELP THOSE PEOPLE WHO ARE AFFECTED BY THIS DISEASE. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE DAILY WAGERS. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE LOST THEIR JOBS BECAUSE OF THIS DISEASE.DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE IN REAL NEED OF FOOD. Join our #SAATH program. And we will together bring happiness on the faces of many people. #SAATH will be in SIALKOT from 13-April-2020. DONATE FOR A CAUSE. DON’T WAIT FOR HOLY MONTHS TO DONATE.
SECISYS is offering vPT (Virtual Penetration Testing) Services during corona virus outbreak... #secisys #penetrationtesting #coronavirusoutbreak #applicationsec...urity #cybersecurity #workfromhome #workfromhomejobs #ethicalhacking #exploitation #informationsecurity #vulnerabilities #vulnerabilityassessment
#UPDATE COLLECTED:- Rs.3000 REMAINING:- Rs.47000 LETS SAVE PAKISTAN FROM #CORONAVIRUS TOGETHER. HELP THOSE PEOPLE WHO ARE AFFECTED BY THIS DISEASE. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE DAILY WAGERS. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE LOST THEIR JOBS BECAUSE OF THIS DISEASE.DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE IN REAL NEED OF FOOD. Join our #SAATH program. And we will together bring happiness on the faces of many people. #SAATH will be in SIALKOT from 13-April-2020. DONATE FOR A CAUSE. DON’T WAIT FOR HOLY MONTHS TO DONATE.
Softnate, a start-up is looking for candidates for its web development internship program. This is a leading to job internship. Since this is a remote job, you are required to work at home as per your convenient time. We are task oriented rather than time oriented. Responsibilities: • Proficiency in web designing languages such as HTML, CSS and bootstrap;... • Experience with JavaScript; • Experience with Typescript will be a benefit, but not necessary; • Creative in designing UI/UX; • Experience with Database is a plus; • Proven debugging and performance testing skills and Instruments; • Able to work on challenges; • Work with cross-disciplinary teams;
Dear Students, Please note that the online classes will continue as per the timetable. Kindly take care of your classes and be in close contact with your instru...ctors through google Classroom/ google meet. The details of policy decisions regarding the academic schedule of the current semester will be shared with you through email very soon.




#Covering_the_entire_Punjab Under the initiative of #SAATH Program, we have have distributed 200+ kg of food items among daily wagers at our Gujranwala office. ...The SAATH program is specifically for daily wagers, supporting their living. Our next drive is at Sialkot and Gujrat. Support us and donate us, so that we can continue this noble act. And this drive will be continued to next cities. #working_towards_a_bright_future #fighting_against_COVID19
My brothers and sisters listen, in islam to endure brutality is a sin, Today muslims are being brutalised all over the world and we are doing nothing against it..., Our Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) fought against brutality and human rights violation. Then why muslims are quiet on this great brutality. Do you know that about 10 Million muslims are in open prisone in Kashmir and they are not allowed to visit mosques and holy places like the Holy Kaaba. It is an open gesture of allah to closed the Holy Kaaba for us because we were silent on closed Mosques, brutality and insult of Islam in Kashmir, Syria and India. Listen it is and was our sin to being quiet on this brutality.

The virus doesn't move, people move it. We stop moving, the virus stops, it dies, it's that simple. #SocialDistancing is the only way to keep safe - follow what is being said for yourself & others.

#UPDATE:- COLLECTED:- Rs.30000 REMAINING:- Rs.220000 Aoa, THEN Foundation is donating Ration Box under the program SAATH.... This initiative program is to support the living of lower class of the society.
Can anybody know the aggregate of merit no 1 in software engg

 #secisys #coronishing #coronavirus #workingfromhome #workfromhome #datasecurity #bestpractices

We are looking for an SEO Expert (Digital Marketing) to work with us on our on-going projects. You must have a minimum 1 year of experience in SEO and Digital Marketing industry and at-least the clear knowledge of On-Page and Off-Page SEO strategies 2-Good command over On-Page SEO and their essential elements. 3-Must have a good comment on OFF SEO techniques including Local SEO, Guest Posting, Outreach Guest Blogging, Social Media Pages Optimization and understanding of 3-Pack Optimization 4- Complete understanding of Google Search Console and Google Analytics 5- Work with the development team to ensure SEO best practices are properly implemented on the newly developed code
We are looking for a content manager to organize and manage web content of our websites. Anyone having more than 2 years of experience in content writing and having managerial skills is eligible for this post. This is an office-based job ------------->DUTIES OF CONTENT MANAGER<------------- - Overseeing all content creation activities by our writers. - Working closely with the marketing team to devise a web content strategy that aligns with the company's wider goals... - Creation of a content marketing calendar to ensure regular content on our websites throughout the year - Targeting keywords set by the online marketing manager.
 As per the directives of Govt. Lahore Campus will remain closed till 5th April 2020 for Students, Faculty & Staff. The University has pl...anned to conduct classes online. For which, you will receive an email from your HoD office containing all the details soon.  Students are requested to regularly check their university email for updates.

#UPDATE:- COLLECTED:- RS.30000 REMAINING:- Rs.220000 That’s why we are giving free masks to the people. But in this case we need your financial support. DONATE GENEROUSLY AND SAVE THOUSANDS OF LIVES. #WORKING_TOWARDS_A_BRIGHT_FUTURE
Back in 1995, Astera Software was founded with the zeal to put the power of extracting insights from data into the hands of business users and brace the technic...al IT squads to be the driver of change in the organization. Fast-forward today, Astera is an established data solutions provider that enables Fortune 500 companies and enterprises to bring data-driven innovation.

(11th March, Wednesday)  An F-16 fighter airplane ✈️ of the #PakistanAirForce crashed near Pak-China friendship Centre in Islamabad during rehearsals of #23rdMarch parade. May Allah bless the brave pilot Wing Commander #NomanAkram.😭😭‬ ‪Ameen 🤲‬ ‪#Islamabad ‬

 Responsibilities: 1. Translate user needs and business requirements into tangible ideas such as rough sketches... and user journey maps. 2. Need to have a strong understanding of user interface design patterns and how data can be presented in variety of ways according to the use-case 3. Define interaction models, user task flows, and UI specifications 4. Define and produce UI specifications, mockups/wireframes, end-to-end experiences, interaction models and screen designs 5. Create, revise and update designs based on continuing user research, market research, changing business requirements, usability testing and feedback 6. Conduct testing of sample applications, websites and software to Assess user experience and ease of design 7. Design the aesthetics to be implemented within a website or product, from the layout menus and drop-down options to colors and fonts allowing for interface edits as needed 8. Analyze customer responses and website data to examine high traffic web pages and determine why certain webpages perform better 9. Enhance user experience by creating seamless navigation through various digital programs and interfaces within the company Qualifications: 1. Demonstrated experience in creating and implementing UX design 2. Proficient with visual design programs such as Adobe Creative suite and others 3. Ability to work effectively in a collaborative environment to create top-performing interfaces for clients 4. Experience with coding and ability to troubleshoot using HTML, CSS and comparable languages 5. Continued education and research into UX trends and current design strategy and technologies 6. Experience creating storyboards and website mapping Interested candidates can share their portfolio at hr@orbit-ed.com

We Require Full stack Developer at Islamabad office Front end and backend developer with graphics experience Knowledge of data entry
 Required Skills:  - Experience with Ruby on Rails, along with other common libraries such as RSpec,... Resque and minitest. - Good understanding of the syntax of Ruby and its nuances. - Solid understanding of object-oriented programming . - Good understanding of server-side templating languages such as Liquid, Slim, etc. General Skills - Knowledge and hands on experience of Design/architectural patterns e.g. MVC - Good understanding of Database schema, design, optimization, scalability. - Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors like SASS and SCSS. - Experience of version control using Git. - Ability to write reusable code with proper structuring and naming conventions. Interested Candidates can share their CVs at hr@orbit-ed.com
 3. Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors like SASS and SCSS. 4. Understanding of programming templates and architecture design guidelines  Interested candidates can share their C.V at hr@orbit-ed.com
We are looking male and female staff for CSR in our new branch  Murree Road Rawalpindi. Responsibilities:-- ****A customer service representative      supports customers by providing helpful information. Note:-- Full time and part time  Male and female both can apply. Intersted candidate send ur resume at 03072993420
 Careem stands out as the epitome of a top notch travelling experience and providing its passengers with the safest trip possible. They have an assortment of ride types to select from, so that your travel is secure and easy on the pocket.
we need a staff required management officer and marketing officer Aistant officer and other post available we provide a handsome income packages male and female any interested person send their cv whatapp num..03165530123

 Gear up, get hyped and stay connected for more updates!


We Require Full stack Developer at Islamabad office Front end and backend developer with graphics experience Knowledge of data entry

 Become a part of female-powered platform! Work remotely with our team of 100+ IT professionals according to your flexible work...ing hours. Explore work diversity with lots of learning and venture of professional growth.  Eligibility: - English fluency - Bachelor degree in Computer Science, preferably, major in Business Analytics, Machine Learning or Data Sciences. Master or Ph.D. is a plus  - Have taken Data Science courses - Experience with software - Located in the Middle East or South Asia region - Available to contribute a minimum of 25 hours per week - Computer access with stable internet and a Google Drive - High attention to detail - Willingness to learn and a growth mindset Apply at WWW (dot) ODETTA (dot)  AI/APPLY #OdettaInc #womenintech #WomeninPower #wearehiring #remotework #datascience #dataanalyst #datascientist #womeninSTEM

Urgent required Male and Female candidates for indoor office base work no outdoor activities.  Part time and full time both options. Flexible timing. 
 Qualification: BSCS/ BS IT


Fast ka admission kab open ho gay ?? Any idea

Yeh fast ke jo merit scholarships hote he entry test ke merit ke hisab se dete he yeah fsc bhi count karte he

 Forward your resume at msshpk@gmail.com
Bhaion yeh fast me jo merit scholarships hote he har campus me alag alag dete he
Does fast deduct aggregate for year gap in undergraduate?
Need an environmental engineering expert to do lab reports every week. Pm me for further job details


Lahore: Java and React Developers required for Blockchain Focused software giant
Mid Level Software Engineer (.Net MVC C#) Techovative, is an IT based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 2 years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • S...trong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus • Experience in finance related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Islamabad: Belgium based Technology Outsourcing Company ie expanding Mobile team in Islamabad office:

Matric: 85.5545% Inter I: 72.3077% How much score do I need to have in NU/NAT tests to secure admission in BSCS?
Ukarain Multinational is expanding its growing Tech team of Islamabad Office and has openings for: Benefits: Performance based monthly bonuses, commute expenses to and from home to office, daily snacks and meals, flexible hours
we need a staff required for office base work managmemt marketing and sochial media expert office boys we provide a handsome income packages any interested person male and female send their cv on.whatapp num..03165530123
GDG Cloud Islamabad and Women Techmakers Islamabad bring you the most exciting celebration of International Women's Day 2020 in Islamabad. The event is open for all genders.
 Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world they are not the problem. They're the solution. We should join hands to empower every single female and to empower our own selves. 

 industry: UK Accounting course provider 1) CA.ACCA OR business graduate/student with strong accounting software knowledge like Sage. Xero. bookkeeping .Vat etc    just call them guide them ,convince to go for free consultation in our UK office
Hiring Office Assistant for a US software company remotely. Excellent in writing & speaking English, scheduling, meeting engagements, client coordination, documentation & presentations. Minimum 1 year experience, offering PKR 75K-100K/- plus benefits. Apply now at info@worldhiring.com | #Seceratary | Pak Timings: 5:00PM-03:00AM
Looking for a technical writer who has an ENGINEERING background. Will pay a competitive compensation. Please inbox with a couple of Technical Writing Samples.


At FAST NUCES Lahore, we invest in knowledge and opportunity that strains to stand out in the crowd while outshining in your respective field. 

Job Applications are CLOSED NOW.
Take off in T minus 5 seconds! ... 4 3 2 1... its up and away. The dynamics are the key here. Get your blueprints ready as we have a mission to land on the moon.... Only the best rockets can go the distance.
ACM brings you the most awaited event of the year. Join us for this Year's SOFTCOM where programming  minds will battle for ruthless efficiency in their codes a...nd Striving to improve their abilities. https://acmgiki.com/ambassador.php

we need a staff required for office base work management  and marketing  we provide a  handsome income packages male and female any interested person send their cv whatapp num..03165530123
 Looking for a platform to exhibit your talent? So the wait is over. SOFTEC'20 being the biggest IT even...t brings a chance for all young kids to discover your  hidden talent with Ideas Xtreme Competition. With Ideas Xtreme, unleash your unique ideas and avail a chance to share it with everyone.  So register yourself and step forward to become a future IT expert!
Hello. Please help if you know.  I was a medical student last year and obtained 86% marks in FSC pre-medical but didn't get admission in MBBS so I decided to do additional maths this year and gave exams of them.  Now, my result still awaits of FSC Pre-Engineering of both first year and second year so can I add my fsc pre medical marks while applying for fast? Because if I add only matric marks, my aggregate score will be significantly lower due to that 0.9 factor. Can someone guide please?

𝗙𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝗕𝗲𝗴𝗶𝗻𝗻𝗲𝗿 𝘁𝗼 𝗙𝗹𝘂𝘁𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝗗𝗲𝘃𝗲𝗹𝗼𝗽𝗲𝗿 𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝗝𝘂𝘀𝘁 𝗢𝗻𝗲 𝗪𝗼𝗿𝗸𝘀𝗵𝗼𝗽 By getting this workshop, you can be rest assured that the course is carefully thought out and made fo...r you. There are beautiful presentations that explain all the difficult concepts. * Fundamental Flutter concepts e.g. Stateful vs. Stateless Widgets, Widget tree, state management, animations, themes and much more. * Fundamental Dart concepts e.g. lists, maps, enums, loops, futures, streams, classes, and much more.  * Concepts of Object Oriented Programming (OOP): The type system, variables, functions and methods, inheritance, classes and protocols. * Control Structures: Using If/­Else clauses, Switch statements and logic to control the flow of execution. * Software Design: How to organize and format code for readability and how to implement the Model ­View­ Controller (MVC) design pattern. * Networking: How to make asynchronous API calls, store and retrieve data from the cloud, and use the JSON format for server communication. * State Management: How to use setState, prop drilling, lifting state up, callbacks and the Provider package to manage app state.


Looking for app developer (Android and iOS) Internee can apply also.
As part of research support internal grant by NUCES, the faculty members at the university can get funding of upto 1 Million for their research ideas. Last date to apply for the Faculty Research Support Grant Spring 2020 is February 07, 2020,

candidate must have 1 year experience in wordpress and custom PHP





Supposedly if we don’t fulfil the requirements for HSSC part 2 result will they seriously cancel our admission??



Circular Byte is looking for an iOS developer who has the experience of over one year at minimum. Knows how to deal with google maps, Restful Api's, and UI/UX. Individual should be dedicated to the work and to time is must.  Contract will be based on the project requirements and if he or she delivered what is being expected than future contracts can be discussed.  Bring down your updated CV between 3 PM to 7PM at Circular Byte on Friday 24th January and Saturday 25th January. Late Candidates won't be addressed by Company!
Salam Bhai koi SE ya CS ka student 1st ya 2nd semester ka??  I need some help.plz 😊
Awareness session for the Presidential Initiative for Artificial Intelligence & Computing (PIAIC)
Assalam u Alaikum I need lab journals(practice questions in lab) as well as any project of CS student.. Any 1? Agr ksi kai pass zip file mai bhi hain tau 03165048872... Pr whatsapp kr dein اللہ آپ کو آسانیاں عطا فرمائے اور آسانیاں تقسیم کرنے کا شرف عطا فرمائیں 😊
Fast main 4.00 gpa kaisay  letay hain?
 #fatimagroup #recruitmentdrive2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Lahore #empowertolead #E2L2020 #MBA #BSCS
Anoushey Abbasi, a talentend gem of Pakistan, is popular for her performances that capture the soul of her subjects. Starting her career as VJ, she has continue...d to grow as an actor. She has worked alongside numerous famed actors, and has won accolades for her performances.

 For interview; whattsapp at 03325295325 email at o3325295325@gmail.com


NetMaticO is looking to hire a Creative Graphic Designer, who is exceptional in conceptualizing and creating attractive layouts, Websites, Mobile apps, Print-design, E-books, Promotional Materials, Corporate Branding, Logo Designing and Posters/Ad Campaign related designs. The ideal candidate shall have a solid grasp of Adobe creative suite software such as Adobe Photoshop/Illustrator/InDesign. We are looking for a candidate with at least 2-3 years of experience working as Gr...aphic & Web designer and have strong grasp of web and graphic design principles, Color, Imagery, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Web & Desktop Application etc Requirements Have excellent command on Adobe InDesign and Adobe Illustrator. Have an ability to brainstorm cutting edge, and creative ideas rapidly for graphics designing. Ability to meet deadlines and have proven organizational skills and ability to take on many tasks at once. Collaborate with other departments (business development, editorial staff) to manage reputation, identify key players and coordinate actions. Strong team player, behaves like an owner, and ultimately focused on delivering results with high standards Passion for web visitor conversions, design and web design Enjoys typography and colour theory Enjoys creating viral marketing pieces for the web - infographics, motion graphics, social media campaigns, contest design, etc. Creative portfolio Up-to-date on the latest web technologies and trends An eye for detail and a dedication to quality Self-starter and able to manage their workflow independently Create images that identify a product or convey a message Incorporate changes recommended into the final design Test graphics across various media Ensure final graphics and layouts are visually appealing and on-brand A keen eye for aesthetics and details Degree in Design, Fine Arts or related field is a plus Experience Experience creating online advertisements Experience with social media branding and identity Knowledge of web standards, optimization, and web design best practices Basic knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, or PHP/MySQL(bonus) Basic knowledge of open source CMS such as WordPress (bonus) Skills • Adobe Illustrator  Adobe Photoshop Adobe In Design Graphics Editing Branding UI/UXApp  DesignMicrosoft Office SuiteAdobe Creative Suite CorelDraw Adobe Photoshop • HTML, HTML5, Bootstrap, PSD to HTML conversion, Slicing , Sketchbook Pro, Jquery, Adobe Dreamweaver etc. Salary Range PKR. 15,000 - 40,000/Month  Job Time: Regular Office based Timing: Night Shift (6:00pm-3:00am) Office Address: Street 95, E-11/1 Islamabad. Contact: career@netmatico.com SMS: 92 335 5372734
Aoa.. Anyone that can tell me about Kamyab jawan program courses in Fast islamabad campus . TIA
Netmatico is Offering SEO Paid Internship program. You will be given a chance to learn and implement Search Engine Optimization Techniques on Live Canadian Projects. Walk-in interviews from Monday to Friday between 7:00pm till 10:00pm. Venue: Street no 95, E-11/1 Islamabad.

We warmly welcome our students back to FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Spring 2020. We hope you all had a pleasant and cozy winters and are as excited as we are about the new semester.
** A Great Opportunity For Artificial Intelligence Enthusiasts ** FAST NUCES Islamabad is offering you a FREE 06 months program in the field of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to further enhance your technical skills. We are working under the flagship of Kamyab Jawan Programme which is sponsored by Government of Pakistan. LIMITED SEATS ARE AVAILABLE, So Please Apply ASAP. For Registration, Click here: https://bit.ly/2uaRHKv You may visit the Website for more Details: https://ski...lls.kamyabjawan.gov.pk #FASTIslamabad #AI #FREEAI #KamyabJawan #RegisterNow
 Event date...s: 7th  to 9th February 2020 For Rule Book: http://bit.ly/30hIT1v
We are looking to employ an HR Officer with excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. The HR Officer is expected to be knowledgeable with employment legislation . He or she must be able to negotiate with diplomacy.
The Literary Club is proud to unveil the 6th volume of Local Host, FAST’s official newsletter. This issue is meticulously curated to bring you our exclusive tak...e on all events that the campus is abuzz with, such as sports competitions, society events or seminars. It is sure to become your go to for the latest campus news and happenings. 

I need a financial mathematics expert who can handle financial work up-to masters level .Only those person contact who will work themselves no indirect contact. I am looking for a permanent expert
"Winning Solutions is looking for fresh graduates MBA/BBA for paid internship in Islamabad. Period of internship will be of three months which can be extended as an permanent job opportunity.
Anyone from fast. Basically for registering course on flex, one course says that seats are full so not registered. But it’s a mandatory course so what can be done?
Hello there! Don't miss out on the opportunity to participate in IEEE's most awaited event NEO'20. Grab your chance at being a participant of this prestigious e...vent & gain multiple benefits from socializing in this event. Can't wait to have you on NEO'20! Stay tuned for more updates! For Rule Book: http://bit.ly/30hIT1v

Nice job opportunities in Netherlands for experienced IT people

 2.    Install, configure, test and maintain OS, application software and system management tools. 4.    Troubleshoot, diagnose and resolve hardware, software and network problems. 5.    Research, plan and implement new programs and protocols 6.    Provide solution for technical problems and resolve them through technology 7.    Perform regular backup operations on servers and implement appropriate process for data protection, disaster recovery and failover procedures. 8.    Functional checks of new hardware/Software. 9.    Supervise setting up new IT Labs i.e. assembling network cabinet, racking up servers, laying network cable and installing workstations. 3.    Provide specific detailed information for hardware and software selection. 4.    Excellent diagnostic, analytical and problem solving skills required. 5.    Provide technical support to the distributed locations. 6.    Ability to create accurate network diagrams and documentation for design and planning network communication systems. 8.    Knowledge of IT/Network equipment, computer hardware and software, displays, printers, cabling, connectors, converters, UPS, batteries. 9.    Knowledge of Domain Controller, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, Exchange, ADC, SharePoint, Team Foundation and Project Server. Preferred Certifications: CCNA, CCNP, MCSE  Qualification: MCS/MS (CS)/BS (CS)/BCS (04 Years Degree)/BIT (04 Years Degree) in 1st Division. For Fresh Graduates starting pay will be PKR 35,000 /- and after six months of probation it will be PKR 40000/-  For Master's Degree (MS) holders the starting pay will be PKR 40000/- and after six months of probation it will be PKR 45,000/- (only if Masters qualification is directly contributing towards the job assigned) Note:  Interested candidates can send their resumes to hr.mnsdept@gmail.com before 1200 HRS on 22/01/2020. No TA/DA is admissible for the test and interview.

Our well-structured programs at the Civil Engineering Department equips students with engineering skills to design, create and improve. 
 Interested candidates send me your resuma/CV on given email or apply here Note: There is No registration fee or anything after selection or before selection
Matric = 89% Fsc Part 1 = 79% NAT = 72/100  Any chances in cs department in fall 2020 in fast islamabad

 Interested Candidates Can Drop Their CV at E-mail:  or contact on inbox
we need a staff required for office base work we provide handsome income packages any interested person send their cv on whatapp num,03165530123
 I have taken NAT test in december,2019. Is it valid for fall undergraduate program 2020??? Someone said to me that fast will only accept the tests which have been taken 3 months before from the deadline only
 Responsibilities • Producing code using .NET languages (C#, VB .NET) ... • Upgrading, configuring and debugging existing systems  • Participate in requirements analysis • Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages • Test and deploy applications and systems • Revise, update, refactor and debug code • Improve existing software • Serve as an expert on software/applications and provide technical support Requirements • Proven experience as a .NET Developer or Application Developer • Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework, SQL Server  • Knowledge of the .NET languages (e.g. C#, Visual Basic .NET)  most  importantly Visual Basic • Familiarity with MS Access • Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills • Attention to detail • BSc/BA in Computer Science, Software Engineer, or Diploma holders in a related field.
Someone knows that when  undergraduate admissions will be started

Admission process for undergraduate programs..? Only Fsc 1 or both parts numbers are required...?
First of all, thanks for accepting my request, its nice to be part of this group. I will finish my Bachelors in Computer Science degree in February (next month). I am interested in data science amd want to do Masters in Datascience, I will try for scholarship as well for abroad but I would like to know how is FAST for Masters in Datascience, if someone currently doing MS DATASCIENCE from FAST, i would really like to know their views. Thanks a lot for your time and concern.
FAST NUCES in collaboration with KPK government welcome you to “TECH Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 2020”. For decades, technology entrepreneurship has been revered and peo...ple like Steve jobs, Bill Gates and Elon musk are considered heroes. The rapid growth and potential in this sector has been of great benefit to individuals opting or intending to invest in this sector. Keeping this in mind FAST Peshawar in collaboration with KPK government brought to you “TECH Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 2020” LIMITED SEATS AVAILABLE For Registration: www.tiny.cc/techkp2020
Apply at: http://tiny.cc/ambassadortechkp20 We are happy to announce the opportunity to become an Ambassad...or for FAST National University, Peshawar Campus - Tech Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 2020. We're looking for students who are bold, convincing, full of enthusiasm and know-how to get the job done! Apply at: http://tiny.cc/ambassadortechkp20 Notes- Deadline: 5th January 2020 LIMITED SEATES AVAILABLE  List of shortlisted candidates will be contacted via email and announced on our Facebook page.   #FASTPeshawar #KP #Campus #Ambassador #University #college #Student #Kptec2020 #RoadShows #Events
2020 begins and so does FAST’s mission to influence KP with latest trends in technology. FAST Peshawar presents TECH Khyber Pakhtunkhwa with support of KP Gover...nment.  This time one of the most aspiring females in industry, Ms Tania Aidrus, the Chief of Staff and Head of Strategic Initiatives on the Next Billion Users (NBU) team at Google, is joining us at this mission. She holds an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management and a BSc from Brandeis University. Both of our honorary speakers will be accompanied by Provincial Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for Finance, Mr.Taimur Saleem Khan Jhagra and many other dignitaries. Details of TECH KP are mentioned below:
 If any queries Contact at  msshpk@gmail.com







we need a person for office work we provide a handsome income packages intrested people send their cv on 03165530123

 or you can grab them online from www.eticketing.pk/osaf
Whether you are a crazy shopaholic, a noteworthy foodie, or die-hard traveller, utilising any ‘Buy one get one Free Offer’ is must-avail. With that said, we bel...ieve there is no one better to choose than the ultimate lifestyle book/app that one can never get enough of.
PROCOM aspires to bring about the change we all want to witness. It is the experience that matters most, and that is what the team at PROCOM aims to provide, an all round experience that is remembered well by each participant.
Film making is an art with a combination of science and business. It requires an artistic mind and knowledge of camera science for a person to transform it into... business.
Hi,  Zawata Afnan Technologies has a opening for internship in Php Laravel leading to job Qualification=CS/IT/Software Engineering graduates(complete) - Good knowledge of OOP, Databases. Must have done final year project in Laravel... location: Faisalabad  Interested candidates send their resume at hr@zawataafnantechnologies.com Or  Contact  0320-6034560 #internship #php # #finalyearproject #freshgraduate #faisalabad



 Coordinate with departments and complete tasks set by the supervisor... Call clients and inform them about our services Follow up, remind and convince clients to opt for our services Support the marketing team in daily administrative tasks Strong communication skills, Urdu and English Excellent verbal and written communication skills BS or Masters degree Send CVs at hr@theces.pk Salary: Rs. 18000 to 22000 051-2375013
 There are things that change and then there is PROCOM that brings the change #LegacyRedefined #Procom2020


"With faith, discipline and selfless devotion to duty, there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve."  These golden words by Quaid inspire the team of NU... FEST to work hard and with immense zeal. Wishing you all a very happy Quaid e Azam day from team NU-FEST
Skills and Requirements • Good creative skills/ Creative thinking & a great Sense of Design • Complete and absolute command over Adobe suite especially Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and Premier • Expertise on software design (Photoshop, Illustrator, and Dreamweaver) and familiarity with other Creative Suite tools (e.g. flash) • Proven track record with portfolio of previous professional work... • Excellent verbal, written communication skill • Must have a work experience of IT firm and have developed complete app layouts and templates, banner ads, presentations etc. Candidates should have strong creativity and design skill and able to produce uniquely beautiful layouts for apps. Every applicant should be able to work quickly and independently, but should also be able to contribute to team situations such as brainstorming new concepts. This is a fantastic opportunity for you to grow quickly with an experienced management team working on global projects.
 https://facebook.com/events/554245565420493
We are looking for  Customer Service Associate to assist our customers with product inquiries in a *swift, *proficient and  *friendly manner.  You Can apply your multitasking skills by listening and speaking to customers, navigating computers, and typing call documentation simultaneously... __________ Responsibilities: --> Resolving walk-in, mail, fax, and email customer inquiries. --> Processing and logging incoming calls into CRM system. --> Identifying customer needs. --> Forwarding and escalating inquiries to relevant individuals and departments. --> Providing outstanding customer service. --> Updating customer information as required. --> Maintaining confidentiality of information Interested candidates drop CV on given email
Hi, We are looking for a Person Skilled in SEO and SEM for our multiple projects for different brands. •The person would be responsible for taking care of multiple websites SEO wise. •The Person should have sound knowledge of Keywords Research and Ranking a Website. •The Person should know On Page and Off Page SEO.... •Should be able to make audit report before any project. •Should be available for urgent tasks •Should have a portfolio

 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
One-Off Studios is a PR & marketing agency working towards elevating customer experiences for its clients around the globe. *Salary will be communicated to shortlisted candidates.
We are HIRING for Call center in Bahria phase 7,we welcome experienced and fresh Candidates with excellent compensations and salaries. It is Night-shift job and timings are 9pm- 5:00 am Project: Csr dialling  Training would be provided to fresh people as well. Basic salary:25thousands CONTACT US.... Send your CV at mariakanwal073@gmail.com  Call us at 03361050020 Address: Bahria Town phase 7,sama arcade 2,near quetta tea cafe ,4th floor ,office #5,rwp
We are looking for Graphic Designer Intern at our software office in Rawalpindi. Expertise Required in following domain - Adobe Illustrator. - Adobe Photoshop. - Coral Draw.... Contact @ +92-3205038329
 Candidate must be a problem solver, should have knowledge of OOP, DataStructures and the relavent field. Please share your CV to support@mushhub.com with the position title.
What do you get when you bring together the brightest minds and place them into an exciting, fast-paced environment that fosters intellectual growth and rewards... based on impact, not tenure? You get one of the fastest growing software companies. We embrace brilliance. We embrace independence. Join us at CreativeMorph as a front-end developer.


MS & PhD Admissions, now open at FAST NUCES Lahore campus. The last date to apply is December 20, 2019.  Full-time students are encouraged to apply. ... For eligibility criteria and other information visit admissions.nu.edu.pk
We are looking for an experienced and creative UI/UX Designer to join our team! As a UI-UX Designer, you will be responsible for delivering the best user experi...ence, which makes your role extremely important for our success, ensuring customer satisfaction and loyalty. You will be designing ideas using various methods and the latest technology. Experience & Knowledge: • Must have a working knowledge of frontend technologies HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery etc. • Must have a working knowledge of CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap / Foundation/SASS / LESS and best industrial practices. • Must have experience using CMS systems like Magento, WordPress, Shopify etc. • Must be knowledgeable and demonstrate experience with cross-browser and cross-platform/device issues. • Should be able to conceptualize creative ideas and bring them to life with the ability to handle projects from concept through completion. • Should be self-motivated and needs to deliver within short-time frames and meet tight deadlines. • Should have the ability to work on multiple briefs at a time with excellent command over Adobe Creative Suite, Photoshop, XD, InDesign and Illustrator.  Responsibilities • Gather and evaluate user requirements in collaboration with product managers and engineers. • Illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps. • Design graphic user interface elements. • Build catchy graphics for socials media and company branding. • Develop UI mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how sites function and look like. • Prepare and present rough drafts to internal teams and key stakeholders. • Identify and troubleshoot UX problems (e.g. responsiveness). • Conduct layout adjustments based on user feedback. • Adhere to style standards on fonts, colors, and images. • Knowledge of wireframe tools (Invision, UXPIN etc.) • Up-to-date knowledge of design trends. • Team spirit; strong communication skills to collaborate with various stakeholders. • Good multi-tasking skills.   Apply for full-time jobs and paid internships. Faisalabad based software house. #lovecoding #aiksol #techworld #onesolution #google #update #weAreHiring #jobs #internship #graphicsdesigner #dotnetDevelopee #UIUX #Developer

How minimum gpa required to get admission in masters degree
"ARE YOU EXCITED? The sensational Abrar ul Haq is coming to FAST NUCES Lahore for Alumni Homecoming 2020. This time it is going to better than ever. Can't wait....  Save the date: 4th January 2020. Buy your tickets NOWWW!!!" www.eticketing.pk/osaf
 Note: Rawalpindi,Islamabad,Murree,Taxila and near to these cities candidates can apply Note:There is no registration fee Interested Candidates shortly contact on inbox or drop cv on given watsap numbeer or email Thanks
A.o.a What is pay package for computer lab assistant at fast uni ?

Can anybody help me for the preparation of Entry test for MS (CS) in FAST.
A.o.a Haji camp ada Peshawar sy fast uni Peshawar campus phase 1 jamrud road koi local transport jati h xa nae ???
Wishing you an ocean of good luck and success in your upcoming exams. May good luck follow you throughout the exams. You are destined to pass this exam with flying colors. #BestOfLuck #FinalExams #FASTNU #FASTNUCESLHR
Role Full Stack Developer(MERN Stack) Mandatory Technical Skills 4-5 years of full-stack developer experience MERN(MongoDB, Express, React, and Node.js) experience Excellent development experience in the following Express... React Node.js NoSQL database UI and UX experience Involvement in the complete software development life-cycle. Collaborate across cross-functional teams. Work as a team member containing other developers and systems analysis to complete projects on time and under established budgets Support business partners and systems analysis with issue resolution and explanation Perform source system analysis to understand underlying data and logic https://forms.gle/2hVdbktqsobcuouX9
 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
MVC .Net Framework Minimum Experience: 2 years No. of Positions: 3 Techovative, is an IT based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 2+ years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net... • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • Strong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co
 If you're a good Java developer and have some experience in QA Test Automation then you're more than welcome to apply. We've an excellent opportunity in Telenor GSS aiming role covering Java development & Test Automation. Interested candidates can send me their CV at their earliest on: Asad.hussain@telenor.com
 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
 Responsibilities: • Designing and building the website front-end • Must have worked with Elementor Pro • Ensuring high-performance and availability, and managing all technical aspects of the CMS • Conducting website performance test • Testing each task assigned before submitting to client. • Creating the website architecture • Discuss website design and function Requirements: • Strong Understanding of Front-end • Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications • Themes Customization • Knowledge of front-end technologies including CSS3, JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, and Php • Good communication skills
Need iOS developer with 6 months to 2 years experience (full day office job). Must be a team player, who can adopt new tool and technologies.  Mail your CV at ammartahir@beaconimpex.com {include position in Mail Subject} Fresh Grad. with Good skills and little be background in iOS can also apply. Office Location: Near Iqbal Stadium, Faisalabad
Hey Guys, I was searching for a good University to join for C.S. so I told a cousin about Fast and he said that there was Mid 1 and 2 in Lahore branch. So I wanted to confirm that is it also in Islamabad branch? Need some quick answers please...

Dear all, we have a job opening for Full Stack Web Developer. The candidate will be responsible of developing and maintaining company's website. A minimum one year of experience is required, salary 50K and above based on experience and capabilities. send your resume to careers@taraztechnologies.com
We are looking for mature candidates in Rawalpindi/Islamabad for office based work at different posts Human resource department Customer services representative Team Management Public Dealing... Information sharing Male/Female both can apply If you are talented and have good skills to communicate with others then be the part of our team. Minimum Qualification Required:Matric No experience required Interested candidates can send Cv on this number: 03045230453
 Long story short, if you have got a talent and you're not growing because of team or investment we will give you an opportunity to change your life, we will provide you luxury platform with food ...residence everything, come and discuss.
Zawata Afnan Technologies has a opening for Business development Executive for our Faisalabad office: Position (2) Requirements: Experience (fresh-2 years) - Candidate must be able to generate IT Business through different freelancing platforms i.e fiverr,people per hour,upwork & freelancer... - Good communication skills - Good pitching skills  - Can bid on all freelancing websites  - Can create Gigs manage our freelancing accounts Salary: Basic + Commission  Interested candidate share their resume  hr@zawataafnantechnologies.com Or  Call:0320-6034560 Note:Remote candidates can also apply. #jobs #recruitment #resume #fiverr #freelancejob #bidder #bidding #remote #faisalabad

Hostinn is looking for Campus Ambassadors! Hostinn is a platform for users to search & book hostels/rooms online through Mobile App. Why should you apply?... - You will be a part of the startup, and hence you can add work experience to your resume. - Certificates - Career Consoling - Internship Opportunity - Special Discount promo codes will be given.  - Free t-shirts and other goodies. - The learning experience for anyone interested in marketing. - Amazing networking opportunity. Apply Now: https://forms.gle/sQm48V6FvgBMnHDf8




 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
 Do you like working with state of the art of technology? In this role, you will utilize your strong problem solving skills to guide the team to deliver on both small and large projects.  You will use your skills and experience to help improve our internal content entry platforms. You will be involved in planning and execution.


we are Looking Competent and Experienced Candidates form Rwp/Isb For Project Manager/Team Coach. Qualifiacateion: FA,FSC,B.A , B.com and Above. Interested Candidates Drop your CV's.
 Registration Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1B8xLVovS83wI7k24AQ0i2uD72RW0pJM9… For more details, you can check our liaison package: https://drive.google.com/…/1Ddvr00eHDKI-pxm2ln6eUgMdn…/view…


 This talk explores the possibilities of digital technologies to advance the quality, comf...ort and energy efficiency of modern buildings. With a strong focus on Building Information Modeling (BIM) as a foundation for planning construction and operation, we examine what it needs to maintain a high level of model quality and ensure that a building operates exactly as it was planned.
Job Title: Mac OS X-code Developer Apply at:job@redstartechs.com Job location: i8 islamabad Salary range:40000-60000pkr... Job Description Red Star Technologies is looking for a competent Mac OS Developer who has a desire to learn and build new innovative apps and willing to learn and grow with the company. Salary: PKR 40,000 to 60,000 (Depends on experience and expertise) Experience: Applicant must possess significant prior development experience of 1.5 to 2 years. Requirements: • Experience in Cocoa Mac OS and IOS • Proficient in Swift or Object-C • Experience in multi-threaded applications and performance optimization • Ability to work in team and to communicate • Git • Unit Test • Good Level in English Nice to have: • Experience or basic skills in Image Processing • Experience with an agile method (Scrum) Note: Person with basic skills in Image Processing will be preferred.
Here's to all you pre-planners out there; The Tentative Program Schedule for ICET 2019!
IOS application developer required Apply here: info@redstartechs.com Salary:40000-60000 Location: I8-Islamabad Job Description... Redstar Technologies is looking for a competent IOS Developer who has a desire to learn and build new innovative apps and willing to learn and grow with the company. Applicant must possess significant prior development experience of 1.5 to 2 years. Applicant must be able to work independently, meet deadlines, be a quick learners and a good problem solvers and committed to a sophisticated design and creating quality products. Person with image processing skills will be preferred • Solid understanding of Object-oriented programming. • has experience to work with sockets • Familiarity with cloud message APIs, push notifications, mobile analytics etc • Experience with offline storage, multithreading and performance tuning • Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to backend services • Audio Streaming • Develops, Test and Deploys Applications and interfaces for iOS platform. • Ensure adherence to defined development life cycle and good software design practices • Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Strong understanding of caching as it relates to mobile devices and application performance • Understanding of mobile application accessibility • Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code • Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications • Unit test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability • Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications • Has ability to develop app in RTL mode also Job Specification IOS developer is not just a mere app developer, they are much more than that. At every phase of the app development, you will be playing a crucial role. From requirement gathering for client’s business needs to planning and development stage to designing a seamless and scalable user interface to coding and integrations, it is your responsibility to ensure that everything goes like a smooth sailing. Following are the key skills required for the post. • iOS SDK • iOS APIs • Firebase • Git • Swift
 You are requested to fill out the form attached below before your interview session:
The WebMasters has arranged a workshop to assign you a project for HTML and CSS that you will complete in your semster break in order to become a part of our development teams...  #designdevelopdeploy
Need tutor in Pwd, Islamabad. 3 Students Pakage 15k Only Tutor available in Pwd apply for this job. Kings Home Tutors.... www.kingshometutors.com




"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I may learn." And this is precisely why The WebMasters has arranged a project for HTML and CSS after the highly successful workshop.  Be punctual... #designdevelopdeploy

Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today. FAST-NUCES Peshawar is in the admission process of Masters... and PhD's now. Grab your seats NOW!  For further details click on links below:  To apply for Masters and PhD  http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions.php Details and eligibility criteria for MS and PhD are mentioned on http://www.nu.edu.pk/Admissions/EligibilityCriteria Fee structure for the programs we offered are mentioned on http://nu.edu.pk/Admissions/FeeStructure scholarship and loans details are mentioned on http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/loan_and_scholarship.php For further details email us at: admission@nu.edu.pk #joinfast #buildyourcareer #admissionsopen
PHP developer required at OneClout. Interested candidates may send their resume at careers@oneclout.com

CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy


From the Dept. of Information System Engineering Mugla Sitki Kocman University Turkey, Prof. Dr. İlhan Tarimer and Prof. Dr.Huseyin Guruler delivered a session ...on 'Higher Education Scholarship Opportunities in Turkish Universities' for Pakistani students at FAST-NUCES Peshawar along with research collaboration in multiple fields of interest.
The timer is ticking and the count increasing. 235 enthusiastic trainees have currently joined the WebMasters. So hurry up learners, complete your assigned proj...ects (will be assigned to you soon) and get the opportunity to be promoted to our front end, back end, and mobile app development teams! #designdevelopdeploy
We are offering Part time and Full time working opportunities for both males and females.  * Working will be all indoor the office.  * No outdoor activity invol...ved.  * Social media working.  * Human Resource.  Interested candidates may apply here.
FAST University is in the admission process Now! Way to the success we are announcing Masters and PhD's admission. The following criteria are mentioned below in... the post. For further details and information visit our website and given a link below in the post. http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions.php  Or contact on +91-111-128-128, 0334-1128128, 0335-1128128, 0336-1128128. #joinfast #webuildyourcareer



 Vizteck Solutions is looking for iOS App Engineers with at least 3 years of experience for its office in Bahria Town, Phase 4, RWP. - Competitive salary - Free residence for hostilities... - Medical Coverage (Hospitalization and OPD) - Transport Allowance - Bi-Annual Increment Kindly send resumes to nabeel.ansar@vizteck.com. We are an equal opportunity employer and don't discriminate. Building 145, Floor 2, Civic Center Phase 4, Bahria town, Islamabad, Pakistan-46000
If you have missed our registration period then do not worry you may still become a learner at The WebMasters and gain web development skills. We will teach you... and help you in implementing all the main concepts of web development in duration of workshops so join us and become a web developer . Registration Link: https://forms.gle/g9fxemgjw7WoH7pc8
Mr. Ahsan Hamid Durrani is the Founder and Chairman of Emerging Policymakers’ Institute. He has more than 8 years’ experience in the field of public policy, res...earch & analysis, activism, community mobilization and youth development. Mr. Ahsan has remained part of several decision-making bodies from a very young age. In 2014, he was opted in the Working Group of Ministry of Youth Affairs, Sports, Tourism, Culture and Archaeology in the government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP). He actively pursued the youth policy of KP and remained an important part of the formulation process. In 2015, he was opted in Board of Directors’ Technical Education and Vocational Training Authority (TEVTA) in the government of KP. As the youngest BoD member, he acted as a bridge between academia and industry to create job opportunities for young skilled worker.
We are looking for Video Animation Services at our office in Rawalpindi. Video Animation & Video Editor. Good Salary. +923205038329
What else is needed to start this new year with lively and welcoming memories? Team DECS is back with its most exclusive and grand event of all 'THE ANNUAL TOUR...' 2020.  So the wait is over as DECS invites you all to the introductory session of ANNAUL TOUR'20 to disclose the details of their most exhilarating event of the year. Hoping to see you all! Venue: EE Auditorium Timings: 1:00 pm - 2:00pm Date: 19th Nov'19 #tour2020 #adventure #wanderlust #explorePakistan #introductorysession
ISLAMABAD ART FESTIVAL 2019  PRE INAUGURAL LAUNCH AT SERENA HOTELS 15 November 2019 The first-ever Islamabad Art Festival 2019 (IAF-19) will be held from 18 ~ 3...0 November 2019. The festival has been organized by a consortium of public and private educational institutions, art galleries, and artist associations from across Pakistan, generous support from the corporate sector and in collaboration with foreign embassies whose senior representatives have also graced today’s Curtain raiser.  IAF-19 will be led by President and Chief Curator Jamal Shah, who will be working in close collaboration with curators and artists from across Pakistan, and abroad, to bring together a vibrant show of visual and performing arts on a scale never before seen in Islamabad.  IAF-19 is a collaborative project, and will be hosted in several locations in Islamabad and Rawalpindi, including museums, art galleries, educational institutes, and public parks. The festival will be inaugurated on 18th November 2019 at 11:00 a.m. at Pakistan National Council of Arts (PNCA), and will continue for a full 13 days, before an elaborate closing ceremony on 30th November 2019. The thematic focus of IAF-19 is a ‘Dialogue between Tradition and Modernity’.  The festival is expected to engage an audience of at least 500,000 individuals from diverse backgrounds and ages. The participants of the festival will include over 200 individuals from 34 countries, and approximately 400 participants from across Pakistan.  It is for the first that expression of almost all forms of Art Forms will be showcased together.  Painting, sculpture, drawing, printmaking, textile design, dance, music, film, puppet shows, theatre, fashion design, and performing arts from across the world will be available to satisfy the cultural aesthetic of people in general. Simultaneously, Literature from different Lands is also being focused. An International Literary Conference is also being held in the ambit of the Festival. Discussant will comprise of prominent writers and Poets from about 20 Asian African Countries. They will assemble under the banner of a Three Day “International Writers Conference-Islamabad 2019. Their deliberations and Poetry Recital Sessions will engage literature and academia circles to promote understanding of the cultures and mores of people from different parts of the world. All these art forms are being presented in venues open and accessible to the public.  At IAF-19, local artists will create, exhibit, and perform right alongside their foreign counterparts, and catapult Pakistani art to new heights worldwide. Emerging artists will have an opportunity to interact with established and highly-respected artists, and exhibit their work together on this collaborative platform. The aim of the festival is to celebrate diversity and creativity in all forms of visual and performing arts. The spirit of creativity brings people together and strengthens society as a whole. Collaborating with international artists will foster stronger relationships through cultural dialogue and exchange of ideas, and elevate Pakistani art and culture on a global level. The academic component of IAF-19 – developed in partnership with leading educational institutes of Pakistan – will include conferences, lectures, and panel discussions; book launches; and interactive workshops for children and adults. There will also be a video contest encouraging students to explore the culture and heritage of their part of Pakistan. An art festival of this scale will have a far-reaching socioeconomic and cultural impact. It will broaden public access to creative and performing arts, and encourage people to explore their own creativity through workshops and interactive public art programs. It will also provide a shared platform for artists, performers, and scholars to develop a framework to further art education in Pakistan.
Hear the car roaring and feel the heat from the asphalt as you bolt to the finish line leaving your opponents far behind.  Seize this chance to show off your sk...ills with gears. Register for the Need for Speed tournament before it is too late!

"Robot Maker Lab" RML-NCRA is providing designing and manufacturing in advanced mechanical and electrical domain  to provide hardware solutions for Industry, St...artups and Academia. #Robot #Maker #Lab #advanced #mechanical #engineering #electrical #manufacturing #Industry, #Startups and #Academia.
Last date for regular registrations for ROBIAN'19 Robot Sumo module!  All participants are advised to do timely registrations. #IEEE #IEEECUI #IEEERAS #IEEERASCUI #ROBOTICSCLUB #ROBIAN19 #DOMINATETHEARENA #sumorobo
Asrar is here, are you?  GIKI Science Society presents the biggest concert of the year at GIKI powered by  Islo Times Register now to be the part of the event. ...Due to overwhelming response of the participants we have decided to extend our deadline. 
Ladies and Gentlemen Brace yourself for the amazing theme dinner we have planned for you all! 
We are looking for junior resource who had knowledge of SEO and Social Media Marketing.  KPI's  1 Must have knowledge of SEO (Basics) worked delicately worked in SEO (6 months)  2 Must have Knowledge of Social Media Marketing search , post and share 3 Good Communication Skills ... 4 Directory Search and posting
The game that has been the de facto benchmark of a player's shooting skills is here. It has redefined classic gameplay for all gamers out there. Get those grena...des and rifles out as you prepare for the mightiest in the world of E-Gaming: CS GO. Employ strategy, coupled with resources, to knock down your rivals as you thrive and survive the battle royale.
 All those enthusiastic candidates who find them capable for the position of ACD can apply now. It will not only serve as a great experience for you in the world of debating but will also be a chance to showcase your talents. Registrations are now live!! You may apply through the following link: https://forms.gle/GhztBSQw2DGP5apZ6
 Get yourself registered today in the biggest robotics competition 🤖 Register via: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd-zsYwkrBssMlTCQ…/viewform May the best team win! #IEEE #IEEECUI #IEEERAS #IEEERASCUI #ROBIAN19 #DOMINATETHEARENA #sumorobot
Job Description  Position Summary: We are looking for a candidate who can perform administrative activities such as managing employee’s record, dispersing salaries, along with being responsible for administrative tasks such as following: Major Responsibilities: •         Coordinate with employees and upper management, both in Pakistan and abroad;... •         Maintain human resource records; •         Prepare employment contracts for the promotions as well as experience letters etc; •         Effectively implement various HR policies and ensure compliance; •         Manage monthly payroll process; •         Maintain databases, create accounts for new hires and oversee work done on a daily basis; •         Maintain leave records, biometric attendance register etc; •         Handle employee complaints and grievances; •         Review human resource policies and procedures and recommend updates/amendments; •         Maintain lists of vendors, suppliers and service providers; •         Any other tasks assigned by the senior management. Skill-set Required: Reporting Skills, Maintaining Employee Files, Dependability, Organization, Confidentiality, Verbal Communication, Teamwork, Microsoft Office Skills Duty Hours: This is a full-time job (09:00 AM to 06:00 PM including one-hour lunch break), Monday to Friday. Perks: •         Market Competitive Salary; •         Professional training and grooming; •         Exposure and Experience ; •         10 casual leaves, 16 half-day medical and 14 annual leaves.




 Visit our Careers page and submit your application today!
 Do you want to be a part of our fem...ale-powered community of freelancers where we provide you with work that you can complete according to your own schedule at the location most convenient for you?  

Position: IOS Developer (1) We are looking to hire a talented iOS Developer to design, build, and maintain the next generation of iOS applications. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering with 1-2 years of Professional Experience in IOS application development. •strong working knowledge of iOS Frameworks such as Core data,core animation, etc. Proficient in Swift be able to work as part of a team. •Solid understanding of the full mobile development life c...ycle •Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning •Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services •Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications •Understanding of Apple’s design principles and interface guidelines Location:Faisalabad  Salary=Market Competitive   Please Share your Resume at hr.zawataafnantechnologies@outlook.com Or  Call:0320-6034560
Presenting our chief guest for our closing ceremony 'Ali Muhammad Khan'. Ali Muhammad Khan is a Pakistani lawmaker who is the present Minister of State for Parl...iamentary Affairs, in office since 17 September 2018. He is at present an individual from the National Assembly of Pakistan, since August 2018. Already he was an individual from the National Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018. According to him 'My dreamed Pakistan is a strong, progressive, sovereign Islamic state with good education institutes, universities, basic facilities, industries and employment as compared to other regional countries.' He puts stress on the the need of youngsters to perform their responsibilities with honesty and dedication. They should never dampen the spirits and leave the ultimate result to the Allah.
Presenting our chief guest for our closing ceremony 'Ali Muhammad Khan'. Ali Muhammad Khan is a Pakistani lawmaker who is the present Minister of State for Parl...iamentary Affairs, in office since 17 September 2018. He is at present an individual from the National Assembly of Pakistan, since August 2018. Already he was an individual from the National Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018. According to him 'My dreamed Pakistan is a strong, progressive, sovereign Islamic state with good education institutes, universities, basic facilities, industries and employment as compared to other regional countries.' He puts stress on the the need of youngsters to perform their responsibilities with honesty and dedication. They should never dampen the spirits and leave the ultimate result to the Allah.
CreativeMorph is looking for a top-notch software engineering leader who can be an individual contributor at first and a manager in the future. Responsibilities...: • Architect a web-based platform including both front and backend services • Design and develop robust, scalable microservices for RESTful endpoints and data pipelines • Develop optimal querying and indexing strategies for large data sets • Manage tooling for building and deploying services and containers • Identify and address bugs, performance bottlenecks and other issues impacting our clients • Provide hands on technical leadership and lead architectural decisions. • Coach and mentor several developers • Draw on experience to lead technical designs and implementation of highly scalable and adaptable systems • Leverage past-experience with Agile software development to help improve team execution Requirements: • 3+ years of experience in web services development • Must have a firm grasp of OOP languages like C#, Ruby and Python • Experience with modern programing languages (Rust, python, Javascript (node.js) • Experience building service-oriented architectures (REST APIs and microservices) • Experience with database technologies like Postgres, Mongo, Redshift, Redis, or BigQuery • Experience working with cloud based, distributed architectures, GCP is a plus • Experience working with Docker containers • Must be proactive about gathering requirements, content, and feedback from stakeholders • Experience with Git and GitHub • Experience with test automation experience with high standards for code quality • Knowledge of modern security standards in a clinical setting • Take ownership in delivering high quality results within tight deadlines To apply, please send your resume to jobs@creativemorph.com with the subject title “Lead Software Architect”.

ROBIAN'19 registrations are finally open! 📢📢 Get ready to be a part of the Biggest Sumo Robot Competition!  Only one will be take home the title of winner. Do y...ou have what it takes to rise to the top and be the best team?  REGISTRATION LINK: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd-zsYwkrBssMlTCQ…/viewform #IEEE #IEEERAS #IEEERASCUI #ROBIAN19 #sumorobot #DOMINATETHEARENA
Become an ambassador for the biggest technical event in Pakistan hosted by IEEE GIKI. Avail this chance of getting quality technological experience and interact... with the most skilled robotics teams from all over the country. There are limited slots for ambassadors.  Apply Now!! for registration : https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfXmdi4J_X03oc2VD…/viewform

 1. Applications are invited to fill vacant positions of Computer Lab... Assistants for the Peshawar Campus. Candidates should have the following qualifications:- Education: BSc (CS)/ DAE (Computer). Experience: 2/3 years of experience in networking and PC troubleshooting. Good knowledge of MS Word & MS Excel. 2. Send us your applications along with a photocopy of the CNIC and education certificate at suleman.khan@nu.edu.pk. Note: Please mention your contact number on an application as only shortlisted candidates will be called for the interview.



 About the Job: The ideal candidate will have experience in managing a project from start to finis...h. This candidate will be able to create a plan of action which will consider a fixed timeline and evaluate risks. This individual should also have experience managing people and be an effective communicator. As the Project Manager, the candidate will lead the charge on the most important initiatives at CreativeMorph. He will assemble and lead cross-functional teams, build credibility, and alignment among key stakeholders, driving strategic vision and a clear framework for programs & projects. The Project Manager should be a detail-oriented, get-things-done professional who can adapt quickly, and balance moving quickly with high-quality delivery.  Responsibilities: • Define project scope and schedule while focusing on regular and timely delivery of value. • Organize and lead project status and working meetings. • Prepare and distribute progress reports. • Manage risks and issues; correct deviations from plans; and perform delivery planning for assigned projects. • Assist in team development while holding teams accountable for their commitments, removing roadblocks to their work. • Leveraging organizational resources to improve capacity for project work. • Mentoring and developing team members. • Promote empowerment of the team, ensure that each team member is fully engaged in the project and making a meaningful contribution, and encourage a sustainable pace with high-levels of quality for the team. • Understand strategic problem solving, identify opportunity areas, make recommendations on priorities and for improvement. • Analyze project execution and identify risks before they impact timeline. Conduct post-mortems, root-cause analysis, and action plans safeguard against future challenges. • Take ownership of complicated projects. • Expertise with B2B SaaS operational processes & systems preferred, along with project management frameworks and tools. Requirements: • At least 3 years of professional experience.  • Product, Program, or Project Management experience in a technology company. • Bachelor’s degree. • Hands-on software development experience. • Have a proven track-record of delivering big outcomes in challenging and fast-paced environment. • Must be an excellent people manager, able to lead cross functional teams with respect.  • Very effective interpersonal skills including mentoring, coaching, collaborating, and team building. • Strong analytical, planning, and organizational skills with an ability to manage competing demands. • Excellent oral and written communications skills and experience interacting with both business and IT individuals at all levels including the executive level. • Creative approach to problem-solving with the ability to focus on details while maintaining the “big picture” view. To apply, please send your resume to jobs@creativemorph.com with the subject title “Project Manager”.


Position: PHP Developer (1) CS/IT/Software Engineering graduates with 2-5 year's professional experience in Backend development using Laravel or any other PHP related MVC framework.  - Sound concepts of OOP, Databases, Logic Building, Requirement Engineering, Application Architecture, PHP (Basic and Advance level).  - Medium to strong level working experience in pure JS and Typescript. - Having strong Data Modeling concepts (RDBMS & working knowledge of NoSQL) ... Have understanding of Cloud Computing (Understanding of architecture, design and different services) and associated APIs.  location: Faisalabad  Salary: Market Competitive please share your CV at  hr.zawataafnantechnologies@outlook.com Or  Call:0320-6034560
 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.

 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.
Want to be a part of our fun team? CreativeMorph is looking for a candidate who experts in UI / UX. Responsibilities: • Should have knowledge of User Experience... (UX), User Interface (UI) & User Centric Design (UCD) in Enterprise Application. • Should be able to convert a design to responsive and dynamic websites using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript. • Solid understating of debugging web sites across all major browsers including mobile view ports. • Should be able to create interactive animations using JavaScript or CSS. • Experience with CSS preprocessors such as SASS or SCSS is a huge plus. • Any experience in React, Angular or Vue is a huge plus. Requirements: • At least one year of web-based software experience with proven UI/UX design & development portfolio • Proficient in Adobe Suite, HTML, CSS3 and responsive UI frameworks like Foundation, Bootstrap, Bulma etc • Should be able to convert a PSD to a pixel perfect responsive UI. • Bachelor in Computer Science / Bachelor or Associate Degree in Graphics Design, Web Design or related fields. • Demonstrated track record of delivering UI/UX development capabilities • Excellent profile of complex web and mobile application UI & UX design and development. To apply, please send your resume to jobs@creativemorph.com with the title “UI/UX Developer”.
Commitment and dedication towards academic excellence are upheld by FAST NUCES Lahore. We strive to bring out the best in you. 
 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.
 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.


 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.
We are looking for a passionate Web Developer to join our office at the commercial market, Rawalpindi. Developers having good experience of HTML5, CSS3, Javascr...ipt, jQuery, PHP, and WordPress will be preferred. Minimum Experience required is six months. The last date to apply is 27th October 2019. Apply at hr@fdstudio.net



Sports Week started at #FAST_NUCES_Peshawar for students of all departments and disciplines of the university. The event is organised by the #SportsSociety  in ...which selected students from all faculties served as volunteers under supervision of staff members. The event consist of games like Badminton, Cricket, Volleyball, Futsal, Table Tennis, Ludo, Chess, and Basketball.

 Interested candidates, Please share your resume at Tehmastehmas@rightjobs.pk
The biggest event of the year, "GIK INNOVATION SUMMIT '19" is getting closer and closer. Spend 3 days of fun, excitement and much more, all in the beautiful loc...ation of GIK Institute with your friends. So what are you waiting for? Event dates: 22nd - 24th November, 2019. Represent us at your institute and get a chance to avail special perks! 1. Free participation on bringing more than 10 participants. 2. Original GIS merchandise. 3. Free IET hoodie and certificate of ambassadorship. 4. Chance to compete for best Ambassador Award. 5. Cash prize up to Rs. 20,000. Deadline for ambassadorship call: 18th Oct,2019. Register at the following link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSchXoDsvsKVtWhXrU…/viewform
Highly Skilled Faculty of Civil Department at FAST NUCES Lahore yields outstanding civil engineers who are prepared to outperform in the contemporary industry.
Part 1 my 72% Marks Aya Hain! Kaya Cyber security my Admission Possible ha ya Nahi ?


Bs software engering ka dakhlay december ma kholain gay?
Only interested candidates can apply and send your resume on given email.
 Interested candidates, Please share your resume at Tehmastehmas@rightjobs.pk




The most awaited Ambassador Call for NEO'20 is now open! Become an ambassador for the biggest technical event in Pakistan hosted by IEEE GIKI. Avail this chance... of getting quality technological experience and interact with the most skilled robotics teams from all over the country. There are limited slots for ambassadors. So don't miss this opportunity and Apply Now! For Registration : https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfXmdi4J_X03oc2V…/viewform…

#DataScience is trending nowadays in job market. ACM Student Chapter Peshawar felt a need to educate students about the field of #DataScience integrated with #M...achine and #Deep #Learning. The speaker, Dr Chan Naseeb is a Lead #Data #Scientist at #IBM Data Science & #AI Elite team, Germany. He brings overall 17 years of AI and CS (Data Science, ML, DL) related experience across different industries, of which 13 years is in professional context.  He was the technical lead of open source platform #KAVE. He was also R & D lead for Data Science research and prototyping solutions for industry related problems. He holds a Doctorate in Engineering (data analytics) from TU/e, The Netherlands.  Details are listed below: Date: 8th October 2019, Tuesday. Time: 11:00 am - 12:30 pm. Venue: Hall-A
 The Summit, composed of talk sessions, provided software engineers, managers and start-ups with the latest trends in the technological world. The participants were provided insights into international market enabling them to stay ahead of the curve. The summit started with the welcoming remarks by the Director Dr. Muhammad Tariq followed by Mr. Farrukh Malik, corporate executive of Discretelogix. Afterwards Mr. Adnan Faisal, head of “Technology Incubation Centre” (largest tech incubator in Pakistan) delivered the ways of building start-ups. Maryam Arshad Mahmood, founder and director of Impact Dynamics enlightened us about Growth Hacking. Ms Maryam provided methods for early-stage start-ups who need massive growth in a short time on small budgets. Making an app is one of the most in-demand courses and Mr. Waleed Waseem, founder and CEO at Productbox, showed it in the easiest way possible. At last but not the least, Mr Fahad Aziz, a co-founder of healthcare start-up: CareMerge talked about future technologies and global market. The Rector Dr. Alvi concluded the summit with vote of thanks to the speakers and organisers.



Gear up for the most anticipated technical event of the year, NEO'20 is coming your way! Ambassador call opening soon
We, at CreativeMorph, are idea generators, goal seekers, challenge-thirsty professionals, creators of unique Internet projects. From mobile and web application ...to UI/UX design, we offer a wide array of services to our clients. Our goal is to deliver unconventional solutions, combining the most advanced web technologies, modern design and bold communication. For us, each project is a meaningful adventure, in which we become partners with our clients, on the road to perfection. Follow us on LinkedIn and apply to become a part of the CM Family! we're growing and always looking for talented people to join us to help us grow! https://www.linkedin.com/company/creativemorph1 for constant job updates!
We are looking for ASP.NET MVC developer that will be able to develop and support existing applications. The main scope of work will include everything from back-end to client-side code, using optimal and efficient technologies, frameworks, and patterns. Your primary responsibilities will be to design and develop these applications. You should be able to write functional code with a sharp eye for spotting defects. You should be a team player and excellent communicator. If you... are also passionate about the .NET framework and software design/architecture, we’d like to meet you. • Upgrading, configuring and debugging existing systems • Revise, update, refactor and debug code • Strong understanding of ASP.Net web forms, MVC, ADO.NET, JavaScript, jQuery, Web Services, HTML, CSS and Bootstrap etc. • Experience in developing ASP.NET MVC applications • Proficient knowledge in MSSQL • Implementing enterprise application patterns • Excellent communication and problem-solving skills


 Candidate must be comfortable in demonstrating his grip on Javascript ES6, Asynchronous programming, Nod...e Js, Caching,Generic Error handling, Microservices, Schema and Schema less databases. Having knowledge of Event driven programming, queuing, typescript, docker, git, shall will be preferred. To apply: Please send us your resume at jobs@creativemorph.com with "Backend Engineer" as the subject line. For more company updates and vacancies, follow us on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/creativemorph1
 Candidate must be comfortable in demonstrating his grip on Javascript ES6, Asynchronous programming, Nod...e Js, Caching,Generic Error handling, Microservices, Schema and Schema less databases. Having knowledge of Event driven programming, queuing, typescript, docker, git, shall will be preferred. To apply: Please send us your resume at jobs@creativemorph.com with "Backend Engineer" as the subject line. For more company updates and vacancies, follow us on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/creativemorph1
#PYV2030 #Literacy #Illiteracy #Pakistan #Youth #Vision2030 #SEHAR
 IEEE FAST-NUCES Student Branch PWR and Placement Officer have invited Mr. Ibrar Khan, to deliver the session for young graduates and Final Year Students in correspondence to their career needs. His enthusiasm ignited the fire which accelerated the thinking process of young graduates about making critical choices about their career options. The session is collaborated with Talk World and sponsored by Career Pakistan.
Through industry projects and learning opportunities, FAST NUCES Lahore allows its students to unleash their potential to make Real-World Impact in their desired fields. 
Through industry projects and learning opportunities, FAST NUCES Lahore allows its students to unleash their potential to make Real-World Impact in their desired fields. 

AnyOne doing MS-SE...??? Need a little help
Registrations for Ambassadorship for GIS'19 starts today. Don't miss the opportunity to be a part of Largest Event of the Year.  Last date to apply for Ambassad...orship : 18th October 2019. Incentives : 1. Free participation on bringing more than 10 participants. 2. Original GIS merchandise. 3. Free IET hoodie and certificate of ambassadorship. 4. Chance to compete for best Ambassador Award. 5. Cash prize up to Rs. 20,000 Fill the form and register yourself online at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSchXoDsvsKVtWhXr…/viewform…
 > BBA-MBA(Marketing) for Customer Care  >25k-30k if selected for job Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk
 The successful candidate will be given visa and work permit and rellocation.... Good salary package and perks. Please apply if you have strong background and vast knowledge in these domain.
A multi-national company is looking to hire IT Recruiter for their I-8 Islamabad office. FRESH GRADS are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume at mark@broadaxis.com
Anyone here who was appeared for lab assistant test held at fast uni islamabad on 28 Sep 2019 ???
Hurry up, the clock is ticking. ⏳🕐 Don't miss your chance and apply for 1st Tech Summit Peshawar 2019...!! #incubation #techsummit #tec #technology #latest #science #studygram #methodologies #leaders #Pakistan #siliconvalley #FAST #FAST_Peshawar #peopleofpakistan #fastians #urbanpakistan #fastlane #fastpwr #fastpeshawar #nucespeshawar #fastnuces #igpk #fastpwrincubation
 #incubation #techsummit #tec #technology #latest #science #studygram #methodologies #leaders #Pakistan #siliconvalley #FAST #FAST_Peshawar #peopleofpakistan #fastians #urbanpakistan #fastlane #pakistan #fastpwr #fastpeshawar #nucespeshawar #fastnuces #igpk #fastpwrincubation
What was closing aggregate for CS in FAST Isb this time?



We wish you all the best of luck with your Midterms. Go forth and ace your exams.  #FASTNUCESLHR #AllTheBest #Midterm1 #AceYourExams

 Come and learn new and efficient ways of dealing with the modern problems of society. As technology has been integrated into ...our lives so have their problems. The old ways and methodologies are no longer efficient. We in our TECH SUMMIT’ 19 being held at FAST NUCES Peshawar will be providing you with such methods to deal with such hassles. Join us, among the presence of different professional and experienced Technological Leaders of Pakistan and Silicon Valley (USA). #incubation #techsummit #tec #technology #latest #science #studygram #methodologies #leaders #Pakistan #siliconvalley #FAST #FAST_Peshawar #peopleofpakistan #fastians #urbanpakistan #fastlane #pakistan #fastpwr #fastpeshawar #nucespeshawar #fastnuces #igpk #fastpwrincubation #university #student #uni #learning #studygram #universitylife #science #engineering #motivation #success #summit #pwr #Peshawar
Still confused what CSA'19 is all about? Here you go! This is a brief overview of the program. The registrations are still open. Don't forget to register right now! Registration deadline: 25th September, 2019 Registration Link: https://nvc.com.pk/wp/csa-participants/

Do  i have to give fast entry test if i give nts..
I have got 61% marks in fsc.How much should i score in nts to get admission in Electrical engineering.

i have 74% in 1st year but overall 61%. If i take gap year will universities calculate aggregate by using only 1st year marks or use overall number of fsc to calculate aggregate.Plz some help me.
Do the fast islamabad offers couses in fall 2019 ?

DEADLINE is approaching, SUBMIT your paper now....!! #IEEE #Conference #FAST #Peshawar #FAST_NUCES #pwr

We are looking for fresh candidates from Rawalpindi/ Islamabad for office work at different posts. Male/Female both can apply. If you are talented and have good skills to communicate with others then be the part of our team. Interested Candidates Send Their Cv's to the Given Whatsapp number. 03110709477
Salam i need any discipline supervisory and civill RE for firm renwl
We are looking for fresh candidates from Rawalpindi/ Islamabad for office work at different posts. Male/Female both can apply. If you are talented and have good skills to communicate with others then be the part of our team. Interested Candidates Send Their Cv's to the Given Whatsapp number. 03136690039
 Given your interests and contributions to research and academia, we invite you/your research students to submit papers to 15th International Conference on Emerging Technologies 2019 (ICET-2019) which will be held on 2nd-3rd December 2019 in Peshawar, Pakistan. It is a flagship conference of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Islamabad Section, Pakistan
Is GAT acceptable for adm in MS Engineering??
FAST National University Lahore Campus is a top-notch institution known for its academic excellence. We aim to produce future thinkers, and innovators in order ...to shape the future of the nation and humanity through high-quality education and research.  Our highly intellectual faculty strives to develop a nurturing environment for delivering quality education through discovery by developing state of the art curriculum, grounded in scientific, and technical knowledge that emphasizes practical applications and provides opportunities for hands-on experience. FAST NUCES Lahore Campus has maintained its traditions of developing highly competent graduates with sound knowledge, social responsibility, and lifelong learning skills that has enabled them for successful careers.

Hello, I am in BS-CS Batch19' at FAST,Lahore. I would like to shift to Islamabad Campus. So if anyone from Islamabad would like to swap with me please contact me.
Whether fast university take their own test instead of taking nts for university or do they want students to take first nts test and then fast nu test?

I’ve 640 in metric , 618 in fsc. How much should i score in nts test for getting admission in bsse ? And how muh minimum will be fine to get admission in that field.
My office is looking to create a marketing team. The team's responsibility will be to create the complete marketing strategy for a new product and to execute th...e strategy as well. Office is in rwp. People with a passion for marketing can sende their CVs at ali.hasnain@ukan.co Obviously BBA grads with a passion for marketing will be the ideal candidates but if you have a knack for marketing apply away.
Fast isb ma spring admissions kab hain
I am taking gap year.My marks in 1st year r 385 but overall r 676.Should i give improvements or not?in my opinion i should not give improvements cuz all the universities ask for 1st year marks ,they only need 60percent marks overall which i have and secondly they calculate aggregate from 1st year marks.Am i wrong or  not someone plz help and guide me.
Alhamdulillah. Pakistan's First Weekend School System Free education for child labour/underprivileged children. My Weekend School is an attempt to win war again...st poverty and illiteracy.  It's an alternative education system for 23 million out of school children living in Pakistan. Most of these children works whole day & gets free at Weekend. Our school starts around 2 PM these students can easily join us after their work which usually ends before this time. Aghaz Weekend School is a system of education designed for the deserving yet underprivileged students. it is teaching more than 40 students with free bags, books, Copies, clothes, sports items and stationery in the Agahz Weekend School System Peshawar.Join my mission by sharing this Post Address: Sardar Ahmad Jan Colony Near Faqir Abad Peshawar. Admission Open Contact Whatsapp : 0345-1113812
 For the first time in GIKI's history, an event named, National Military and Defense Convention, is introduced by IMechE whi...ch looks to promote innovation of Pakistani military technology. Motivational speakers of military rank will be invited and 4 modules will be held which will cover military informatics and will act as a platform to exhibit creativity.
 Do you want to be a part of our fem...ale-powered community of freelancers where we provide you with work that you can complete according to your own schedule at the location most convenient for you?  
 Visit our Careers page and submit your application today!

 It is a flagship conference of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Islamabad Section, Pakistan. The conference was first launched in Pakistan in 2005 through auspices of the IEEE-Islamabad section and has been conducted every year for the past one and a half-decade. FAST-National University has the honor of hosting the prestigious conference for the fourth time in its history and will be bringing the conference to Peshawar.



Paid MTO Program Educational Background: BBA/MBA/Electrical Engineer

 > BBA-MBA(Marketing) for Customer Care  > BSC/MSC for Listing , Magento Developer & E-commerce Inventory Management >25k-30k if selected for job Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk


Asalam o alaiqum! Someone please guide me about test pattern of BSCS and from where should we study for it (material) etc. My younger brother has to appear for test in upcoming admissions.

We are hiring Customer Service Representative (CSR) having UK Based Project (Injury Claims) at TELENERDS Requirements: Good communication skills (English) Good telecommunication skills Hard Working & Dedicative... Male & Female both can apply Fixed salary + Attractive bonuses + Incentives Working Hours: 3:00 PM to 11.00 PM Office Address: Office # 01 First Floor, Kashmir Road, Saddar Rawalpindi. Interested candidates should send your CV’S at E-mail: telenerds1@gmail.com Contact number: +92-330-5232492 WhatsApp Number: +92-336-9013238
How is fast peshawar?is it possible that after studying two semesters from peshawar i transfer to fast islamabad?plz someone guide me..


Do anybody know when will be the admissions spring 20 will open?
Fast me ye sir kha mile ge Fast islamabad
Finally Wait is Over....After Successfull completion of 1st Batch of all courses. New Batches of Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification Courses going to be start at NUCES FAST, Islamabad.Professional Certification Courses which will going to be offered are as: CCNA (Routing & Switching) Course Duration (3 Months) CCNA (Cyber Security Operations) Course Duration (1.5 Months)... CCNA (Security)  Course Duration (1.5 Months) IT Essentials Course Duration (1.5 Months) MTA ((Microsoft Technology Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solution Expert) Course Duration (2 Months)
MS Orientation day timing Islamabad campus
GUYS KOI BTA SKTA HAI CHANCELLOR YA RECTOR KI OFFICE TIMING AUR YE LOG ISLAMABAD CAMPUS MEIN BETHTAY HAIN?



Applied Programming Exemption Exam Topics
A&F k liya Konsi uni best hai Szabist ya FAST??
Does anyone have the timetable for second week of BSCS?

A leading IT company located in Islamabad is urgently hiring candidates for the position of Full Stack Java Developer. The ideal resource must have 02-04 years of experience in J2EE, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Strong OOP concepts and knowledge of database will be a huge plus. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in email subject)

can someone share complete outline of 1st semester courses. I could not found them on slate, I will be thankful
Hey guys! I'm from BSCS. I couldn't attend orientation and can't attend this whole week. I'm joining from monday so what should I bring with me? I have no idea.



A leading IT company located in Islamabad is urgently hiring candidates for the position of Full Stack Java Developer. The ideal resource must have 02-04 years of experience in J2EE, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Strong OOP concepts and knowledge of database will be a huge plus. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in email subject)

Join us on our path to success, and build a career with us! To apply, send your resumes at job@creativemorph.com.

Confiz is hiring Software Engineer - #Java. For more details and to apply please visit: https://lnkd.in/gWZ2B5d
Anyone have full course contents of Ap. programming nd design and analysis of algorithms for MSDS?

Any Hostels Near Fast  Department BS EE
Does anyone know about transport services(van) here at fast?
Anyone who knows transport from bahria town side who has route other than 7:00 am also ??
Anyone attended Bscs orientation today? Then please share schedule/timings.
Anyone from MSSE, who has attended orientation?
Any one who knows MS-CNS classes timing ??
 1) 3-6 years’ experience in web applications development 2) Sound expertise in AngularJS/React/vue.js 3) Hands-on with Web API (c#.net) an...d SQL Server 4) Good analytical and problem solving skills 5)Experience with material design/angular-material/polymer framework is preferred 6)Excellent communication skills for coordination with the clients Submit your resume here or email it at talent@systemsltd.com with the subject “Full Stack Developers”.
My admit card says that my degree is "BBA-B". What's that supposed to mean?

Need info about hostels near fast!!!!
Has anyone got the BSCS schedule? I could not attend the orientation.
Can any one share class schedule for MS EE
Anyone from MSCS????

My aggregate is 53%.Do i still have chance for admission in EE in Islamabad campus considering merit lists r uploaded but still there any ray of hope...
 Become a part of female-powered platform! Work remotely with our team of 100+ IT professionals according to your flexible working hours. Explore work diversity with lots of learning and venture of professional growth. Eligibility: - English fluency - Bachelor degree in Computer Science, preferably, major in Business Analytics, Machine Learning or Data Sciences. Master or Ph.D. is a plus - Have taken Data Science courses - Experience with software - Located in the Middle East or South Asia region - Available to contribute a minimum of 25 hours per week - Computer access with stable internet and a Google Drive - High attention to detail - Willingness to learn and a growth mindset
#Fall_Admissions2k19 #CS_or_SE_or_CE?? Hello, today I want to talk about a common topic of the group and that is *Should we do SE,  CS or CE?*  First of all let me tell yout that... CS and SE are BS programs CE is an engineering program Computer Science: As far as I know, Computer Science is all related to software, hardware, networking, data structure, algorithms, etc  Software Engineering(Non-Engg): As the name suggests, it is basically based on coding and software development throught the 4 years session. Computer Engineering: It is a mixture of Electrical engg and Computer Science. A CE student learns both about Hardware, Electronics, Software etc. 1. Is SE an Engineering Program??  The answer is NO!! Thats because it is a sub beanch of CS, and honestly thats the fault of or education system that NUST, UET, Bahria and a few more call it PEC accrediated and name it under engineering program However, it was designed by the international computer organizations as a subbranch of CS so that those who only want to study software can choose this field and at that time they called it Software engineering.. If you have a PEC accrediation number with SE degree and then you apply for an engineering job in any international firm they wont consider you as an engineer cause the whole world considers it just a BS(hons) program... So thats now clear that even if its pec accrediated or not, the world will consider it as a non engineering program.. 2. Can we apply for Software Engineer job after CE? The answer is YES! you can apply in any firm or centre, the only requirement is having skills and thats it!. 3. Is it good to go for Software engineering? Yes thats good to go, but consider that its not an engineering program  you are going for simply BS. 4. Is CS and SE same??? Answer is yes, almost... these two programs offer almost same curriculum and skills. 5. Is CE same as SE or CS?? No, because CE is an engineering program so its different in CE we will study hardware, electeonics like(sensors, ics, etc) and also programming and software related courses. 6. Should I do SE? Yes if you have interest and dont  care for an engineering program you can go for it. 7. Which one is better? CS or SE? Answer is CS Saad Iqbal CE - Fall19 (COMSATS Lahore) Joining Sept 2nd, 2019

Orientation timings? EE group?
What’s the timing of orientation? EE group
Fast ka transfer ka kya scene ha?

Bs software enginring m admishn ho ga na spring m
Send your resumes to jobs@creativemorph.com with the subject line "QA Specialist".
BS new batch ke classes kb se start hongi?

CS classes timings kya ha???
Fastian 😂


Old CS block kya h??
Updated Time Table of 1st week


Have any of you received your roll numbers for BSCS?
Online course reg ki samjh aye hai kisi ko? For MS students.
Kya se aur cs walon ka section same hoga is k accordance? Aur sections ki base py milte h?
MS (SE)  Time table Monday  Adv. Software Architecture (02:15 to 03:35)  Tuesday... Adv. SE ( 08:30 to 9:50)    App.Programming  (10:00 to 11:20)   Wednesday Adv. Software Architecture (02:15 to 03:35)  Thursday Adv. SE ( 08:30 to 9:50)    App.Programming  (10:00 to 11:20) RM SE (02:15 to 05:10)

Last date of fee submission was  30 july. Can we still get admission by paying fee?
When your 2nd year result comes. Apka phle se admission hua hota but agar apke number kam aaate and u fall below merit  Admission cancel tou ni hota seniors ?
Fast islambad ki second merit list lag chuki ha ?
Job Description: •    Developing concepts, graphics, and layouts for product instructions, Company logo, website and magazine •    Designing creative concepts f...or different marketing mediums including electronic and print •    Liaising with designers and printers •    Working with photographers for product shoots •    Contacting creative and content writers for write-ups •    Giving a road map to the web developer for the company website. •    Keeping a close watch on market trend, market demand, and competitors activities.

Did any of you recieve your roll numbers for BsCS
 I applied this year in Tampere University, Finland, with the following profile and got full tuition fee waiver and due to lack of funds for living, I defer it to next year. BSCS 3.23 CGPA, ...
What are we supposed to take to the orientation ?

FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science warmly welcomes its MS students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations Day of MS(CS)/DS/SPM Batch 2019. 
One-Off Studios is a PR & marketing agency working towards elevating customer experiences for its clients around the globe. If you’re interested to grow with us; apply away on the position that suits you best! Job Code: DS1b Prerequisites: CRM, AdWords, PPC Management, Branding, SEO *Salaries will be communicated to shortlisted candidates.
Recommend hostel for fast islamabd?



BBA ka closing merit koi bta sakta hay fast islamabad campus??any one
Fast ma ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, CYBER SECURITY aur ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ma sa konsa best ha?  Ageyy kis ka scope zyada acha ha.. agar koi senior inn department se ha to plz woh bhi lazmi guide kree.

Yrrr koi bata di main ni apply Islamabad campus main kiyaa ta muji peshawar campus main q mil raha hain admission????

 Candidate must have: + Proven work experience as a UI/UX Designer or similar role + Portfolio of design projects... + Up-to-date knowledge of design software like Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop etc +Team spirit; strong communication skills to collaborate with various stakeholders +Good time-management skills +Excellent English communication skills + Positive, energetic and respectful behavior Responsibilities: * Gather and evaluate user requirements in collaboration with product managers and engineers. * illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps * Develop UI mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how sites function and look *Prepare and present rough drafts to internal teams and key stakeholders *Identify and troubleshoot UX problems (e.g. responsiveness) * Adhere to style standards on fonts, colors and images Minimum BS in Computer Science or relevant field is required Only Shortlisted CV will be contacted

My score is 61.89 n closing of fast first merit was 62 this year.  Do I have any chance in second merit list? Will there be a second list?
anyone who do MS-SE from Fast ?
Fast uni ma bs software enginring kn kar rha ha
any here who selected in MS SE ? when will be orientation day ?
Need serious advice mein ne change of preference ki application fast islamabad mein submit krwai he uska result 31st ke bd aye ga and conditionally mera fast Peshawar mein hoo gaya!! What should i do to wait for 2nd merit list or go for fast Peshawar becoz my aggregate is 62.22 and fast islamabad 1st merit list aggregate is 62!!???
I got conditionally selected for FAST Peshawar for BS(CS) but my aggregate is 65. Should I expect to be selected in Isl campus or no?
Is it possible to switch from MSCS to MSDS though I have submitted fee for MSCS?????

Second List isb campus ki kab lagegi?


Bhai koi next bta da kab admishn hona bs software enginring k lia

Recommend female hostels near fast isb?
MS EE ki classes Kis time hoty morning ya evening ?
Preference was Fast-Lahore Conditionally selected for FAST-PWR How to change that from peshawer to Faisalabad or Karachi q Kay unkay merit pay a jata hay mera name.

Bs (artificial intelligence) kesi field ha . please guide !
Aoa  I need help  Mai fast mai MS computer science K liye apply Karna chahta hun  So GAT test de to fast K b test dena hoga kiaa??
Anyone in cyber security and digital forensics ?
My aggregate is 63.02% and i have taken admission in Bs(Ai)  agr second list ma Bs(Cs) ma nam  agya tu change kiya ja skta h field? please guide
Fast university karachi mai skill level par study karai jati hai means languages like c# and python etc toh sikhaii jayengi ya phr saari other universities ki tarah theory hi parahi jayegi  so that i make my plans for extra skills
What is the monthly average expenditure of people staying at hostels?
cs per semester fee??
aoa everyone. i've got selected in MSCS in islamabad campus. main ye puchna chahta hun k kia job k sath manage ho jata hai yahan MS?
CS from FAST or Software Engineering from NUST?

Mere dost ka Fast Peshawar mey admission hoa hy wo fast Islamabad mey migration krana chah raha is it possible ????

Ladies and gentlemen,  We would like to announce that the countdown for the *AMBASSADOR CALL* has finally begun. So get a chance to become an ambassador from yo...ur institution for the 7th International Science & Youth Symposium which is going to be bigger, better and greater than ever  Our Ambassador Call starts in just 2 days. Stay tuned!  #7th #ISYS ComingSoon!
Alhumdullilah Got selected in fast bscs islamabad campus 😀
Comsats or ims peshawar for software engineering?


Any flat or studio apartment near Fast university islamabad ? ksi ko pta ho tu guide kr dain kindly




FAST eligibility matric 60% and fsc 50% hai na BSCS ki?


Can anyone tell me how to migrate from one campus of fast to other
Seniors need expert review about MS EE How is faculty and how easy is to get good cgpa? How can we compare it to Comsats and Nust which uni do you recommend? what problems do you face like limited courses being offered or regarding schedule or anything else? Lastly how is campus social life? Thanks in advance

Yoo guys i have a question that which programming language is taught in Fast Bs Cs ? Python, java  or C++ ??
If someone has 48% marks in matric and 60% fsc is he eligible for admission
orientation 9 Aug ko hai ya 17 Aug ko?
hello;🙂 fast pshwr mai agr admission krly bnda...tau bad mai migration hoskta kisi or campus mai? or knsa campus achw h fast ka?

aoa everyone. i've got selected in MSCS in islamabad campus. main ye puchna chahta hun k kia job k sath manage ho jata hai yahan MS? or uni walay koi jobs offer krty hain MS students ko? or krty hain to kis type ki hoti hain? means teaching associates ya research side py?
AOA FAST Islamabad may MSCS ki evening classes hoti hy ya morning. Kindly help me thanks.

aoa everyone. i've got selected in MSCS in islamabad campus. main ye puchna chahta hun k kia job k sath manage ho jata hai yahan MS? or uni walay koi jobs offer krty hain MS students ko? or krty hain to kis type ki hoti hain? means teaching associates ya research side py?

What was the closing merit of bba?
Any one in MS M sec isb campus?? 😉


BS cyber security from Fast Isb or Bs Cs from Fast peshawer


Any Ms EE student here ?
A leading IT company based in Islamabad is urgently hiring Java Developer  For Java Developer role the resource must have 2-3 years of total work experience in core java, development, J2EE, strong in OOP, experience of dealing with ERP projects will be a huge plus. -Job timings: 11 am - 8 pm Excellent package will be offered to the shortlisted resource. Only those apply who can work in the above mentioned office timings. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in subject)
Hllo everyone . My merit in fast nu is 62  is there any chance in 2nd merit list...cs
Fast bs second list?  Kb lgygi..
Hay. Member’s! I wanaa know about fast Mba? I got selection letter, but i don’t know this letter is for morning or evening? Because at the time of admition application, its not mentioned that either we are applying for morning or evening.. nd i want to get admition in evening timings, so is there any possiblty if this letter for morning can we shift to eveining? Nd as well as what’s the timing for morning and evening session?
Yrr I've been Selected for BBA in Fast islamabad, Can someone pls tell me about hostels there? Plus is it better that I do BBA from FAST or I should do some engineering stuff from IST?
Any reviews for MS Data Science from Fast islamabad? Fast mei kabse MS Data Science karwa rahe? aur merit kiska zyada hota CS or Data science?

CS ke fees jama krane ke last date 30th july ha??


#Position #IT #Support #Engineer #Service #Coordinator #Islamabad #Multinational Position: IT Support Engineer  Education: BSCS, Bs IT, Bs Software Engineering Note: Maintain high performing service support functions including IT Service Desk, Desktop Support and VIP Support 1 to 3 years of work experience in IT industry preferably  Interested candidates, Please share your resume at farooq@rightjobs.pk
How's Peshawar campus of Fast and how's it's bs cs dept.???
Long time not been in touch, graduated from Fast 5 years ago. I want to check for someone what's the closing merit for BBA - someone I know got 54  in test and appears not selected ( should be waiting )
MS(Data Science) from fast MSCS from Comsats
hello guys, i got the selected msg for Ms(CNS) can anyone of u tell me the credentials which i need to take with me for addmission and also the first appearence fee... thanks..
Koi senior btaye ga ka MS data science ki classes kitna din or timing kia hoti hain?
Jin ki Last date 27 ha fee submission ki....kya un ki b 30 tk extend hogai ha???
Agar kisi ka naam fast Peshawar main ata hai tou Kia usska naam fast isb ki kisi aur field main aasakhta hai ? Aur migration karwa sakhtey hein aesay?
Suna hai Documents n fee submition date extend ho gai hai .... its 30th July now
AOA, Any student from FAST Islamabad doing MS CS or MS CNS.
i received email of conditional admission in fast peshwar campus bscs .....fast peshwar campus kesa ha seniors se guzarish ha apne  raye ka izhar karien?
AOA FAST Islamabad mn MS CNS k fall 2018 ka time table ksi k pas ho ga?
Can we apply now for BBA in FAST ?
Ager status not selected ho to matlb ab final result aa gaya oar selection ni hoi??? Oar kya not selection walo ka score ni btaty?😭
Can any one guide which will be better cs from fast or cs from nust?
Closing merit kahan sy pata chaly ga?


Today a email came to me from Fast. They were saying that i am not selected in Islamabad campus but selected in Karachi campus (BBA). Kiya kisi aur ko be aise mail aye?

Dear members AOA How is MBA at Fast? Which specialization is better finance, HRM ? Does the graduates from Non-business background face some difficulty in studying as compared to the graduates from business background. Can anyone from non-business background who studied MBA at Fast can share his/her experince. Sincere suggestion will highly be appreciated.... Thanks in advance  Jazak Allah


Yaar peshawar campus main kiya halaat hain plzz btao

Karachi ky bscs and bs(se) ki last seat kitne pe gai?
Guys plz give me Info about BS AI
Friends, is there any process of migration from one campus of fast to another campus? I mean, if you clear 2, 3 semester in fast and then there is migration till Lahore or Peshawar?
Aoa Guys fast faisalabad campus lahore k comparison ma kesa ha??
I want information regarding MBA. Do FASt offer MBA in morning or evening? Plus how many days in a week clases are there ? Normally timings of a day??

AOA  Yar maine 2nd year main 1st year k paper cancel kia tha jis ki waja se mera pass cancellation dmc hai jis main total marks ni hai aur 2nd year result awaiting hai tu ab kia karna hai yeh 1st year cancellation dmc submit karo??
A leading IT company based in Islamabad is urgently hiring Java Developer  For Java Developer role the resource must have 2-3 years of total work experience in core java, development, J2EE, strong in OOP, experience of dealing with ERP projects will be a huge plus. -Job timings: 11 am - 8 pm Excellent package will be offered to the shortlisted resource. Only those apply who can work in the above mentioned office timings. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in subject)
Fast ke qareeb koi hostels ka bata de yar 😇
Ms ki list kb tk.upload hoge?? Any idea 😔😔
Is there any possibility to transfer admission (MS) from ISB campus to LHR campus?
(Good Oppertunity For Male & Female ( Part Time & Full Time)) Looking for staff for our Office HR management , Financial Education, Customer care projects and Sales work with us 3 to 4 hours and earn good income  Education:intermediate  Location Rwp/Isb Only ... Good communication skills required. Male and Females can apply. Interested candidate are encourage to apply and send me their details through sms or CV's to the given Whatsapp number.03055761706 Name Qualification City Name Cell No# Experience

Salaam all, 2nd list kab lagay gi ?
59.08 aggregate  . Any chance in Fast BSCS?
Anyone here jis ka Ms (EE) isb campus ma admission hua ho ?
Anyone here jis ka MS (EE) isb campus ma admission hua ho ?
 Apply Here: https://forms.gle/8jHEXqXV7tKynK5P8


which uni is best for cs comsats
Can anyone tell me about hostels in Islamabad near FAST ?
yr me ja rha addmsion krwanay fast ka ghlti say part 2 ki origional roll no slip ghar reh gye photo copy hn pari koi problem to nhi ho ga jo jo addmsion krwq kr aya ha plz batain?



MS ki list kab upload ho gi??
Fast or comsats Which is better for Electrical Engineering?
How to apply for Loan in fast??

Friends fast k result or merit list kahan c mlega
Kindly someone please tell me that the score which the fast university site is showing. Is it score of our test or aggregate?

Fast CS vs Fast EE Sincere Advice Please
Anyone tell me about the bscs merit and tell me about the fee structure for the bscs in fast university.
Selected in BBA? Comment your aggregate below!
55.8 merit.. Any chance in BBA SECOND LIST??



 Many congratulations to all who have secured admission already. Just a piece of advice to people who are about to join undergraduate school. Do NOT attend engineering school unless you have a very clear road map in your mind to follow. The job opportunities are constricted owing to declining economic outlook and you may find yourself in deep trouble if you opt for engineering just by assuming that "engineering ka bohat scope hai". For those who are trying to figure out which career path they should be opting for consider IT-related disciplines, Finance and Law. Explore and weigh your options carefully and once you decide what you want to do then just work hard to prove your decision right. Best of luck for your future endeavours.

Kya new students ke liye koi scholarships hein plz guide me ?
2nd list kb lgni fast ke?

Cyber security better hai ya EE?????
is fast transportation facility is available in pindi ?
Salaam all, What's the merit of BBA this year ?
Yrrr still confused of bba of fast..quaideazam ka bba acha hay ya  fast ka in terms of market value ??deciding finally so plzz sincere suggestions...
Cyber security ka cut off aggregate kya bana hy
Suggest me.  Electrical from FAST LHR.  Chemical/Electrical from COMSATS LHR. Electrical from ITU LHR. SE from PUCIT.... Any other Engg. From Uet LHR (Subcampus)
bhaio fees refund policy kai baray mai kuch bata dai
******Serious Post Plz****** I'm selected in FAST-NU for Electrical Engineering in LHR Campus.. But I cannot afford the fee of this institution.. What could I do now?? Can I get Student Loan, Any Scholarship or any Financial Aid.??... I want to accomplish my dream for studying here.. Any Situation?? PLZ HELP.. #Serious_suggestions_needed
Required documents for fast admission  Matric dmc copies  Inter dmc copies And cnic copies  Lakin hamre tu abi tak fsc result announce ni howa hai aur 27 july last date hai for admission tu yeh kia scene hai?
I got selected in FAST BSCS in Lahore Campus. Is there anyway I can switch to Islamabad Campus before the University starts in August? I want to switch due to personal reasons. It there is a way could you kindly explain it to me ? Thank You
Last date for the submission of the dues for Fast is 27th july. Comsats merit list isn't displayed yet. Comsats aggregate is 72%. I want to do bscs from fast islamabad. If i go for fast, can i switch my course ? 
Mera comsats islamabd mien aggregrate 83 hay matlab udhr cs mien hojayay ga aur fast mien admission hogya hay. Mien yeh janana chahta hun kay in donoon ki study mien kitna farq. I am not talking about campus life. I am talking about actual study. Which is better?
I am selected in Fast karachi for software engineering. It will be good for me because this is a new field in campus?


Serious suggestions required for Bs Artificial Intelligence in Fast Isl campus. Should I go for it or not? Plz help me I m very confused about it.
 Mne islmbd campus mn test diya h ab sirf islmbd campus ki lists mn aag. K mutabik naam aye ga ya kisi doosry campus mn refer kr dain gy agr udr mera merit bn rha ho to?



For those who got selected in AI,can they please comment their test scores...Ty!
Alhamdulillah selected in BSCS Islamabad...❤️


Selected in cs
 Qualification : Matric & Above Age Limit : 17 & Above Eligibility : Everybody can be apply 
 Qualification : Matric & Above Age Limit : 17 & Above Eligibility : Everybody can be apply 

I want to change my campus form isb to lahore how can i aggregate 67.06

Aoa Agar kisi ne fast ka test diya hai aur admission nai hwa tou nts k test k through hosakhta hai ?


My aggregate is 48.5. I have applied for BBA. So, all those guys who have been selected. Can you tell me what is your aggregate?

I have 67.5 aggregate in fast NU test.Will i get admission in fast islamabad for CS??
A little information required. Does FAST submit our original FSC and Matric certificates at the time of admission? Can't we hand them attested copies instead? Thanks
results have been announced!
what will be the expected aggregate required for BS in Cyber Security this year in FAST ISB campus?
Maine jab options select ki thii to Waha pe software engineering ka Koi option nhi tha. Kindly Bata dain k k kya FAST mai software engineering karwaty han? If yes, to konsi option select krni lary gii?? Serious replies please.
Got 50-60 marks in NU test & 3.8 CGPA in last degree any chance of admission in MSCS, MSCNS & MS Data Science???


Which is better for bba?? Fast or quaideazam and why.... need serious suggestions plzz...
Fast ka qareeb koi acha hostel ha?
My Aggregate is 65+ Chances for CS in Fast Islamabad?

 Looking for Android App developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits. Developer will have to work on different projects of android to design and build good mobile applications for android devices.Candidates with good programming skills are encouraged to apply. - Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform - Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability - Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency - BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject - Proven software development experience and Android skills development - Proven working experience in Android app development and Have published at least 3 original Android app - Experience with Android SDK - Experience working with remote data via REST and JSON - Experience with third-party libraries and APIs - Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies - Solid understanding of the full mobile development lifecycle. Skills - Java Core, Android Studio, Json, Rest API's, Web API's
 Looking for Android App developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits. Developer will have to work on different projects of android to design and build good mobile applications for android devices.Candidates with good programming skills are encouraged to apply. - Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform - Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability - Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency - BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject - Proven software development experience and Android skills development - Proven working experience in Android app development and Have published at least 3 original Android app - Experience with Android SDK - Experience working with remote data via REST and JSON - Experience with third-party libraries and APIs - Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies - Solid understanding of the full mobile development lifecycle. Skills - Java Core, Android Studio, Json, Rest API's, Web API's


70 aggregate any chance in bscs islamabad campus ?


Agr. Kese nikalain? OR Karachi campus me BsCs ke lye kitna chahye?



Entry test (NU) mein 55 number ayen hein... Part 1 mein 327 and matric 892 ... Koi scene hai Bscs ka ?
When I applied there were only 4 preferences from which I could select. BSCS, BBA, BSEE, AF. Now Fast Isb site is showing it has AI, Cyber Security. How can I select them now?
will the aggregate  of the new Fields in NUCES ISB(AI and Cyber security) be low required or will they all require a higher aggregate this year?
Hello seniors  Entry test hai mera 17july ko test hai BBA ka please kuch help krain??
What about Cyber security? Is it worth at Fast or not?


My aggregate is 59%  Bba mai hojaega admission ?
my preferences are  1-SE 2-CS 3-EE I want to change my preferences it is possible or not i have given my test???????????

kiyh kohi mujy guide kr sakhta ky jis ny fast ka test diyh hun ky us my kis type ky question ateen hain .....any oneeee jis ny khud test diyh hun agr pta hy tu jeldi bta dain mera kl test hy
My preference was islambad but if my aggregate is good enough for lhr as well udhr mil jaega admission?
 This workshop teaches fundamentals of project management for new product development projects in a practical, discussion based forum. The scope includes both the process of project management as well as the skills needed to be an effective project manager using Oracle Primavera. Registration link: https://docs.google.com/…/1w6iyqL3A_LJo7lDDtK_xNS…/viewform…
Do you have what it takes? Please apply by sending your resumes to jobs@creativemorph.com.
I want to apply for MS data science  Student of Ms computer science software engineers or data science please comment
BSCS OR BSSE  which is better?
Those of you who are wondering about campus life at FAST, keep in mind that you have to creatively spend your time by your 'own' efforts. A University's responsibility is to provide resources, it's you who has to learn how to utilize them to make sure 4 years of your life are spent in a memorable manner. Am I right or am I right?
Yar last time 68 1st merit list ka closing aggregate tha ya last merit list ka? 🤔
My aggregate is 67 on the basis of nts marks....will I get admission in bba?

CS k liye 2nd list main kitny percent tk admission k chwnces hoty hain ?


Jska aggregate 71% ho uska lhr fast me BsCs me kea admission hojay ga!!?


aggregrate 62.90  kia lagta hai hojayega Fast Karachi mai?

Hello seniors  I recently completed my FS.c  To ab main ne fast university main BBA k liya apply kiya hai  To please ye bata dein k entry test k liya konse subjects pe zayada focus karoon.. Entry test k liya kya important hain please tell me... Thanking you in advance.
NU test ka result Kab tk upload hota hai??
Respected seniors ,   Maine recently Fast ka Entry test dia hai... Wo poochna ye tha k agr mera Admission hogya to Ragging ka kia scene hai ... R meri ragging k umeedwaar hazir hon 😎😂

BBA ma essay ka marks add hotae hain ? Mera agg 63 bn raha ??
Friends agregate  57%ha  Any chance in  Bs Artifical intelligence or Cyber security
My Aggregate is 47.54 Any Chance in BBA in Fast

My aggregate is 63.5%  My chances in different campuses?? Karachi  Islamabad
Aggregate 65.23% ho jaye ga CS mai?

Just received admission offer.  A question to seniors. How’s life at FAST islamabad. Tough?
62.9090 aggregate of fast Nu test... any chance in Cs in isb??
AlHumDuLillah, I have received email of admission confirmation. My aggregate was 82.35 on NTS base in BSCS for Islamabad campus. Check your emails.  #GoodLuck
I received a email from fast and it says that u r contionally selected on the basis on nts so its means I am selected?but they doesn’t give me any aggregate on which I selected so tell me plz,what is the meaning of contionally selected?means if I fulfil there requirements then I will be selected?????
Yar din me kab se leke kab tak classes hoti ha usually? Aur mane aksar weekend pe shehr se bahir jana hota ha to iski waja se ziada farq to nai parega parhai pe?
Test date change ho skti hy kya?
FAST k test myn one copy of each document lana lazmi hy. Kia original document ki copy le kr jana hy ya Internet generated document le ja sakty?
Nts base se merit kaisy karty calculate???
407 /520 in 1 year  52/100 Nu test  Chances in Accounting and finance???
AlHumDuLillah, I have received email of admission confirmation. My aggregate was 82.35 on NTS base in BSCS for Islamabad campus. Check your emails.  #GoodLuck
Kia last year k closing merit yeh hai?
My aggregate is 45 %. Any chance in A&F or Cyber Security?
Aggregate 63.78 Any chances in FAST LHR?? For EE, CV, CS??


Yr ya sab ka nts ka araha ya NU ka bhi result agya hae
AGR aggregate 73.3 ho fast ka NU test for admission in BS CS to admission ho jiay ga Kia.
Merit list  kb tak issue hoti ha.




Anyone doing mphil English applied linguistics???
Serious advice. Would fast change my preference? I've paid fees tho. I know I won't survive private hostels so thinking about fast cfd. PLEASE? My NTS is 87

is fast faisalabad better than fast peshawar for cs ?
last year merit of electrical engineering in fast ( lahore)

Bhaio mera 62 marks ha nu test ma or 434 marks ha first year ma kiya mera admission ho jaye ga fast chiniot faislabad campus ma . Ma ne attempt sare kia ha negative marking kr k btana plz


Bhai koi hain jo suggestion de mujhi ke kess tarah fast Islamabad campus main admission mil sakta hain Meri saat test ke dowraan ek hadsa howa. Mera computer her waqt hang hota ta next orr back per click karni se jess ke wajah se mera kapi waqt zaya howa orr time ke kami ke wajah se bohat sari question jo kasam se main easily solve karsakta ta reh gai. Ek behenchod hum per kara ta oss se main ne kaha ke mera computer hang horaha hain. Tu oss ne kaha ke wait karo ess keliyi. Ess tarah main ne bohat noksaan otaya. Main bohat preparation ke tee NU keliyi. Per shayad kesmat ne saat nahi deya. Fast main admission leni ke bohat khwahish hain meri. Agar kesi ke paas koi mashwara hain . Tu mujhi do. Kya yeh possible hain ke mera admission hosakiga. Don't ignore
Fast islamabad hostel ka pata he? Some say apna koi he fast walay sirf hoty he usmy, some say private he. Can u guys suggest some?
Nu test ke correct marks milne ke baad .khud marks ke weightage ke hisaab se set karne parhte hay ya computer khud krta hay?
Mera fast k aggregate 51% Hai mera bba may ho jaya ga ?
66.0625 aggregate on base of nu test Cs chances islamabad campus ??
Plz i need some serious suggestion EE from uet or fast...? Which is best...
matric 780/1050 ist year 324/520 test me kitne marks hon tu EE me chances hai
AoA  Fast k aggregate kease calculate karte hai  Kia yeh method tik hai? Suppose If got 72% in fsc part 1 and 70% marks in test... So add 50% of fsc and test  Mean 36% +35 = 71% aggregate
Could anyone please share any detail regarding the NU test held in previous days? Detail about Basic and Adv Maths would be highly appreciated
What was the aggregate of CS AND BBA last year?




Fast entry test ke kiya timing hain? 2hrs or 3 hrs?
Salam I'm getting problem in online fee verification of Fast nu Isb
What does this essay part mean ? And please some topics for maths that should be prepared ?
MSCS ka test kis tarh ka hota yar ? Past papers pary ha to send kar da plz

Friend bs computer science ke leye comsats islamabad best ha ya Fast  univ.
yrrrrr fees challan jaama krwa diyh hy lkn verification message ni a rha koi treeka hun ga jis my check kr sakhun my na apni profile/ ya entry test registration my likha kiyh hy
How many if you applied for BS Data Science girlsand boys? Comment your marks


80% in Matric, 60% in FSc. 73 score in NTS.  Is my admission in BSCs Fasialabad Campus secured?  If not how many marks should I get in Fast Nu test?



 Job location:I-8 Islamabad
 - Strong knowledge & at least 1 year... of working in PHP including CodeIgniter / Laravel - Proficient in CodeIgniter - Strong understanding of object-oriented programming - Familiarity with MySQL - Ability to write clean, readable, and easily maintainable code - Understanding of fundamental design principles for building a scalable application - Experience creating database schema that represent and support business processes - Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests - Front end services knowledge & experience (HTML, CSS, AJAX And JavaScript) - Self motivated and ability to work on team and solo projects - Basic level of English writing skills and an attention to detail - Translate application storyboards, business requirements and use cases into functional applications - Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable applications - Integrate applications to one another using web APIs - Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications - Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to mitigate and address these issues - Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation - Liason with business teams to find better solutions to business problems
Yrr baat yi haa k main ni test timing Morning main set kiyaa taa abb muji kuch problems haa Merah test timing Evening karii ga Fast University wali agar main call karoo test merah 10 ko hain anyone please???




Avaza is looking for a Customer Success Manager for its Islamabad office!  What we offer: - Competitive salary with regular, performance-based increments - Paid holidays - Flexible work environment with on-premise lunch and snacks - Monthly reimbursement of commute expenses (Careem/Uber etc). Our office is based in Islamabad. - Company provided laptop - Ability to grow into other roles based on performance Interested? Learn more in the first comment and apply here: https://forms.gle/Bb7byD874j92uQAT6 #customersuccess #customerservice
I hope that you all might be able to find the guidelines regarding admission test of FAST-NUCES from its official site, but those who don't ,here is the attached .pdf file extension for guidelines.And Best of Luck 😊
Fast ka merit kitna hy
Brothers and sisters    fast islamabad ma admission   difficult ha like nust....       or    Artifical intelligence ya cyber security ma mlega easly
Fast ke entry test past papers kesi ke paas hain  Don't ignore😧😧😧
Bhai log meri BS AF aur BS CS dono ke test date alg alg din ae hein yeh kya scene hai.... Kya dono ka different test hoga?🤔🙄

Nts 76 Fsc 904 Any chances in bs CS in fast lhr or isl?
A well-established IT Company is looking for highly passionate graduates, for their new campaign. The company is looking to hire fresh graduates on a paid internship program that may lead to permanent role depending upon the individual performance. Responsibilities: Conduct research on a variety of topics related to IT Industry, as assigned by her/his supervisor Carry out Survey (Internet-based) for Data Collection... Draft and edit fact sheets, reports and communication Monitor and share relevant news, articles and publications Identify sources relevant public records /data and draft record requests Communicate with internal and external stakeholders Attend strategy and staff meetings, as needed To Apply Interested Candidates can send their resume and cover letter at aitsp37@gmail Education Bachelors in IT/Computer Science/Software engineering


If you're passionate about innovation and strive in a fast-paced environment, you've got just what we're looking for!  Drop your resumes at jobs@creativemorph.com with the position you're applying for as the subject.
AOA I want to know about Data science is anyone here already studying there or have some knowledge about it? And what about the merit criteria please pour some light on it.


I have scored 305 marks in 1st Year  I am interested in BBA.How much NTS marks are required? Your reply will be appreciated!

AoA Hope you all are doing okay, chilling at home or at summer school. Anyho, quick question!! I want to apply for MS either CS or DS CGPA 3.64... Gat 63 Can I get admission based on my gat score cz i dont want to give Nu-test? Or should I appear in NU-test as well.

 Interested? Learn more in the first comment and apply here: https://forms.gle/wLmKqCaMrvzqYRR39

Fast ki per semester fee kitni hai ?


Meri fsc part 1 main 395 marks hain.orr islamabad fast university keleyi apply ke hain.orr main chahta ho ke main zaroor hojawo fast main.kya mera admission hosakta hain fast main. Meri fsc bhe computer science hain.please give me a serious suggestion.I'm very tensed and depressed . How it would be possible for me to get admission in fast . Don't ignore .
Matric=969/1050(federal) Fsc part1=429/520(federal) Nts=69 Bscs chances in fast isb?
main ne bscs ko prefer kia ha (fast-nu) ,kia test ma physics ka portion ho ga ya nhi?cuz mere pass aik booklet ha us ma math ,english , analytical skills aur iq given ha,help seniors!

last year nts sai merit kya dah bscs isb ka?
What was the closing merit of bs cs in fast isb last year??
Fast main bba k lie entry test hota hai?
LUMS NIC LAHORE OPENS APPLICATION FOR BATCH 4         National Incubation Center Lahore has opened applications for Batch 4!  NICL is the best incubation and acceleration facility in Pakistan and is seeking problem solvers to come up with unique start-up ideas. We provide mentor-ship, business training, access to investors and corporates, VC Funds, VR/AR Lab, Makers lab, industry tours, chances to network, access to LUMS facilities and a platitude of similar services that encourage the development of an entrepreneur's creative and critical mind. Apply now : https://gust.com/programs/nic-lahore-cohort-4
Kia migration ho skti ha fast k dosre campus ma guide me plz
Muje SE and cyber security both k liya apply karna hai SE peshwar main hai CYBER SECURITY isb tu kia main dono campuses select ni karsakta?
Hye !!!  I wanna register fr a summer course. Can anybody plz inform me abt hostels near campus.

 Wont be able to give nu test cause live in quetta.
Hi new member 👋🏻 Just wanna ask how is fast ? And admission details


How verify fee in admission to get admit card
Hey folks,  I need honest insights here. Should I consider FAST NU Islamabad for MBA? Insights according to: Faculty, Teaching & Grading (lineant)?... Course Allocations for MBA? Open choice on LMS? Is MBA morning, evening or weekend??? Most importantly, I m new to Islamabad, I did my BBA from IoBM CBM (party shizz I know). I need to create a new network of friends and future alumni professionals. How boring is the campus life (assuming post grad is boring)
how to prepare fast nu test...plz guide......

I'm a poor student, Is there scholarships in fast nuces?
Fast uni k bscs ka entry test ka sample ya past paper mil sakta he??

Which university is best for BS(computer science)

AOA SOFTWARE ENGINEERING (Peshawar) CYBER SECURITY  (ISLAMABAD) Kia ya dono new discipline ay hai fast main??? Kia main cyber security  and SE dono preference main select kar sakta ho??????
950 marks in matric 434 marks in fsc part-1 With chemistry mujhe software engineering  Ma admission Lena k liye kitne marks Lena ho ga
Can i apply on the basis of NAT test that is to be conducted on 21st July??


hello everyone.  I would like to say some thing here.  I pay money for a lecture in FAST uni Isalamba who's name is Sahar Arshad. she did the academic works for me, she told me she is the lecture of FAST university.  and At the end of May… few works failed.  I ask her to refund me money.  but she blocked me and refuse to refund me money.  During the work period, I pay her around 10,000dollars. and know I know her identification card and everything also include home address.  I don't want her return my money now.  I just would like to show everyone there is a scam around u.  here is the chat history and her identification card.




chiniot campus ma bscs ma kasay apply karna ha

Guyzz meiny fast k liye apply kiya hai meri profile and challan pr to green tick hai but baki sb pr red q hai oar un or click karo to koi response ni hota....ye kya reason hai plzzzz guide me
 nu Entry test or NTS???

I've applied in FAST uni on the basis of NTS Will I get admission on the basis of NTS or they will take my entry test for the admission????
Koi Ms computer network and security Ka student ha is group me ..
GCDC Islamabad is bringing one of the Google's biggest flagship events to twin cities this June. It is a full day event full of many activities from hands-on workshop on TensorFlow to tech talks on Firebase, kotlin, Anthos to panel discussion on Cloud Computing and much more. There is also free food and Google Schwags for the attendees.  Registration Link: https://bre.is/rpQrK5uzr Venue: KNCT Hub Islamabad Last date to apply: 10th June, 2019
Revised Group Policy: Members who are here for the promotion of their pages or the ones who are here for the promotion of some irrelevant events are not welcome here at all. This group is for the students of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences(NUCES), or for those who want to join NUCES. Keep in mind that your posts, no matter how interesting they are, will never  be approved if they are not according to the policy of this group.
How to solve this problem tell Me
Fast mein BSCS k 1st semester ki fee kitni ha including admission charges?
I have 69.7% aggregate with Nat ie test  How much merit is required for admission in bs. cs???
What is the procedure for selection of test center for FAST test? I choose Islamabad as my campus preference. Does that mean I'll have to give my test in Islamabad? I wanna give my test in Lahore. But they didnt ask for any test center choice yet. Do they ask for the preferred test center after fee verification?
GCDC Islamabad is bringing one of the Google's biggest flagship events to twin cities this June. It is a full day event full of many activities from hands-on workshop on TensorFlow to tech talks on Firebase, kotlin, Anthos to panel discussion on Cloud Computing and much more. There is also free food and Google Schwags for the attendees.  Venue: KNCT Hub Islamabad... Last date to apply: 10th June, 2019


 Anzen is a Smart Home & BMS solutions provider using cutting edge technologies like Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence. We are looking for self-motivated quick learners who can work with us in designing mobile apps for our customers. We hire individuals who want utilize their job to learn new technologies, collaborate with team mates and superiors to develop new systems and take ownership of projects Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done, links to projects and live apps etc. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Send your CV to CAREERS@ANZEN.PK with subject Android/iOS developer

Fast k test ki preparation khis book sy krni chaiye Ecat or Nts ?? For CS
meray nts nat  mai 84 marks hain or aggreegrate ban rha hai 80.7 tu koi chance hai cs mai?
Admshns KB sy start hain??..r telecommunication Eng hai ?? K nii
 Any chances in CS oe Software Engineering???  and how many numers required in fast test to get admission?
 Anzen is a Smart Home & BMS solutions provider using cutting edge technologies like Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence. We are looking for self-motivated quick learners who can work with us in designing mobile apps for our customers. We hire individuals who want utilize their job to learn new technologies, collaborate with team mates and superiors to develop new systems and take ownership of projects Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done, links to projects and live apps etc. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Send your CV to CAREERS@ANZEN.PK with subject Android/iOS developer

Min marks required in NAT to get into fast cs?  Islamabad or lhr campus  Anyone?
924 in Matric 431 in F. SC part1 How much marks needed in FAST entry test to secure admission in Lhr's discipline..? Engg. Only
Hey! Anyone interested in freelance work?  There are few small tasks related to programming languages such as C, java, python, Lisp,  And few related to Cloud. IB me if interested, paid tasks.

Are 1210/1600 SAT and 600/800 SAT2 enough for admission into Fast? (Eligibility criteria states 1000 SAT  and 550 SAT2)

fast ka undergratuate ka entry test kb ha frndz
AoA... Muje ye pta krna hy k Comsats university ma Undergraduate admission leny k liye just 1 NTS ka test he dena hota hy na... Ya phir 2 tests hoty hain... Help
Save Pakistan!!! Please spread this message to do something for Pakistan #Promote_IT_in_Pakistan #Change_IT_Minister #Support_Yousuf_Baloch

 A well reputed construction company is looking for interns for a internship program that enables them to gain valuable hands on job experience of engineering industry. - Students majoring in Civil Engineering - Good spoken and written English skills. - Working knowledge of MS Office, Auto CAD and Primavera etc. - Candidate must be responsible, fast learner and self-motivated. Interested candidates may send their resume at admin@airrsassociates.com before 18th May 2019


I NEED HELP Related to HR and FINANCE both research works. FINANCE (industrial analysis on research paper) HR (QUANTITATIVE RESEARCH- scales k according questionnaire bnana ha Anyone of HR or FINANCE field?
https://www.csspmspk.com/new-batch-of-css-online-classes/
Industry: Telecommunication / ISP Functional Area: Computer Networking Total Positions: 2 Post Shift: First Shift (Day) Type: Full Time/Permanent... Department: Network Operations Center (NOC) Location: Islamabad, Pakistan Minimum Education: Bachelors Degree Title: Bachelors in Telecommunication/Computer/Electronics Engineering Minimum Experience: Fresh

KIPS G10 Islamabad campus sy say Apni Baitiyo ko Door raka jayi Is msg ko pori G10 k logo ko pohnchawo plzzz msg k Mokhtalif Groups mai post karo Sadqa e Jariya Mai Hisa lelo
Interested candidates can send their CV's at jobs@sofittech.com
 About the company Avaza is a global, cloud based software suite with integrated modules for Project Management, Time Tracking, Expenses, Invoices and more. Our all-in-one solution allows business of all s...izes to manage their complete work life-cycle in one app.  *Responsibilities* - Streamline the process for accepting feature requests - Distill and document customer feedback into concise user stories based on communication with customers and market research - Collaborate with the UX/UI, customer success and development teams on feature requirements, design, development, testing and review - Write detailed product requirements/specifications for new features and product improvements while keeping risks and product dependencies in mind - Assist the Product team with managing the product roadmap and prioritizing features in backlog on a regular basis - Perform complete usability testing of new features and improvements prior to production deployment - Take ownership of product update notifications to customers and collecting feedback *Requirements* - Bachelor's degree in computer science/software engineering or equivalent practical experience - Must have technical know-how of common technologies that are used to build SaaS products - Strong verbal and written English is mandatory - Ability to write comprehensive documents in a clear, concise and structured manner. - Demonstrable experience in writing product specs would be a huge plus - Ability to work with large volumes of data. Above-average Excel skills would be preferred - Ability to juggle multiple tasks simultaneously - Previous experience performing similar duties in a B2B SaaS startup would be an advantage *.What We Offer* - Competitive salary with regular, performance-based increments - Paid holidays - Flexible work environment with on-premise lunch and snacks - Monthly reimbursement of commute expenses (Careem/Uber etc) - Company provided laptop - Ability to grow into other roles based on performance Apply here: https://forms.gle/t4HxoRPYZQzFmWDE8
#callcenter We are hiring "Customer Relation Officer" for Call Center in Lahore.  The fresh person can also apply. Few seats available males / Females both can apply. 7 hours duty timing 1-hour break *Saturday/Sunday* OFF. Evening and Night shifts, (vo Jonsi apko suitable timing lagy bata dyna).  Intermediate and Graduation Student can apply.... Good Salary Packages.
 We are looking for ‘Information Security Engineer. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 4-5 years of experience in Pre-sales & Post-sales activities of products like network security and antiviruses at some distributor or system integrator. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals.
Job Title: Partner Account Manager (Sales Manager) Location: Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad Qualification: BE / BBA Salary: Market Competitive We are looking for ‘Partner Account Manager’. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 3 years of experience in IT Sales, Channel Management and/or Business Development.  Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals.

I got 84 marks in nts nat ics and my aggregrate of fast uni is 80.725 so any chance in bscs through nts merit plz tell me
Internship program at TECHMATE Engineering (Pvt) LTD
There is a storm headed your way. There seems to be no escape in sight. You have to wrap a cloth around your face and keep walking.
There is a storm headed your way. There seems to be no escape in sight. You have to wrap a cloth around your face and keep walking.


Nanomaterials research takes a materials science-based approach to nanotechnology, leveraging advances in materials metrology and synthesis which have been deve...loped in support of microfabrication research. Materials with structure at the nanoscale often have unique optical, electronic, or mechanical properties. https://docs.google.com/…/1Xf8OimpIGiekmS52_7MsRTH6skG…/edit Become an Ambassador via this link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfKm3L_PiUsqlOYo…/viewform… https://drive.google.com/open…
AOA..anyone know about lab assistant test pattern?
Smart materials consist of properties that react to changes in the environment hence enabling them to form the basis of many applications including sensors and ...artificial muscles. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfKm3L_PiUsqlOYo…/viewform… https://drive.google.com/open…

 Do you wan...t to be part of our female-powered community of freelancers where we provide you with work that you can complete according to your own schedule at the location most convenient for you?  Join our Data Analyst, Engineering, Content Writing, Design teams and more... Requirements: - English fluency - Bachelors degree or currently enrolled in Bachelors program (Masters/Ph.D. is a plus) - Eligible if you are willing to work remotely from the Middle East or South Asia - Available to contribute minimum of 25 hours weekly based on your schedule - Computer access with stable internet and a Google Drive - Meticulous, giving high attention to detail - Willingness to learn and a growth mindset Apply at www (dot) odetta (dot) ai/apply
 We are looking for ‘Marketing Executive’ for IT products. Candidates with 2 years experience or fresh graduates with previous internship experience are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.
 We are looking for ‘Marketing Executive’ for IT products. Candidates with 2 years experience or fresh graduates with previous internship experience are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.
 We are looking for ‘Marketing Executive’ for IT products. Candidates with 2 years experience or fresh graduates with previous internship experience are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.
 We are looking for ‘Marketing Executive’ for IT products. Candidates with 2 years experience or fresh graduates with previous internship experience are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.

Telenor is back with its super internship program for undergraduate and post-graduates disciplines. Candidates from all over Pakistan are encouraged to apply fo...r the Telenor super internship 2019.  Click on the link below to read the full instruction Paid internship Last Date: 26 April 2019 #pakistan #HEC #HECPAKISTAN #Education #pakistanieducation #job #internship #paidinternship #gradutae #undergraduate #internshipforundergraduate #comsats #Nust #lums #comsatsisb #summerinternship #summerprogram #summers #islamabad #isb #lahore #scholarshub #scholarships #scholarshub #telenor #6week #applynow #monthlystipend #scholarshubpakistan #telenorpakistan
Telenor Super Internship 2019 Paid Internship Telenor is one of Pakistan’s Leading Telecom company which provide its services all across Pakistan. Telenor helps... the Pakistani’s students to start their Professional Carrer during the higher studies by providing paid internships in all cities of Pakistan. Telenor Internship Program contributes towards the development of talented students by providing them an opportunity for industrial exposure through their internship at Telenor Pakistan. So hurry up to avail this opportunity and start a journey with Telenor. for more information open the link below: https://guidestudent.com/telenor-super-internship-2019-pai…/
https://www.facebook.com/events/333962960589842/?ti=cl
Majestic nature, luminary core and an amazing past:indeed it is Sibisoft we're echoing about. Being the biggest star of  its own galaxy, Sibisoft brings life to... the thriving universe of software solutions. Supported by its culture of integrity, openness  professionalism, respect and teamwork, Sibisoft has transformed into a collosal structure, adding new heights to the range of  viable software solutions. Guess what? Sibisofts' legacy doesn't end here. Beginning a new tale of glory and greatness, Sibisoft has decided to sponsor ABL Developers' Day 2019.
Every competition is a test of skills and each challenge an opportunity. Once again, time is tolling its bell as the moment to shine on the ultimate stage, is f...inally here. So, dive right into the details to learn more about the ones that you want to get in register!


GIKI Islamabad MS/Ph.D. Admission 2019 Ghulam Ishaq Khan Institute of Engineering Sciences and Technology Islamabad is a private institute situated in Islamabad... under the Govt. of KPK which offers admission in Graduate Programs Fall 2019 in various fields MS Degree Programs , Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Chemical Engineering, Electronic Engineering  etc. Location: Islamabad Last Date: 26 June 2019 Interview Date: 25 July 2019 for more information click here: https://guidestudent.com/giki-islamabad-ms-ph-d-admission-…/

 Team Developers' Day radiates a feeling of immense pride and incredible content in welcoming Allied Bank Limited as the Main Sponsor for Developers' Day 2019. We hope to strive past the point of utmost excellence with them on-board.
To know more about the dynamic events of FSAE International visit:  http://www.fsae.com/forums/archive/index.php/t-9281.html…


The world of technology is ever evolving, diversified, and easily leaves an impact on daily life. Developers' Day 2019 brings a once in a lifetime platform for ...all the tech talented individuals to showcase their developmental and managing skills as MATZ Solutions sponsors one of the most innovative and thrilling competitions, Mobile Application  Development.  Get ready to test your aptitude, and mark your flag over the fort as it does not get better than this! To register visit: http://www.developersday.pk/
Job fairs, interviews, career opportunities! All this and more coming to PAF KIET Main Campus, brought to you by Team Developers' Day 2019. We would like to who...leheartedly invite the curious, the ready and the upbeat students to come and ask questions about the details, the rewards, the competitions, and fill their queries!
Every competition is a test of skills and each challenge an opportunity. Once again, time is tolling its bell as the moment to shine on the ultimate stage, is f...inally here. So, dive right into the details to learn more about the ones that you want to get in register!

When the brightest stars align, even the darkest of nights become luminous. Presenting our sponsors, the stars of our industry, collaborating with ABL Developer...s' Day 2019 to guide you towards success!
Zooming in on the action, writing down the important details, getting the message out to the world, leaving behind no nook overlooked and no cranny overturned, ...this is the Daily KarachiTimes coming to FAST NUCES on the 17th to deliver the remarkable events about to go down at Developers' Day '19! Expect particulars focusing on engaging and engrossing news, all designed to immerse you in the special day.
Spending your intelligence on the right tasks helps one's mind to discover unexplored skills and abilities. Do you possess potential related to data science ins...ide you which hasn't yet been recognized? Seeking for personnels who possess overflowing skills in this technical field, Developers' Day '19 presents the competition of Data Science sponsored by Bank Alfalah . Participate in this data science contest and compete among many others to shoot your skills to the sky.
TPM presents ramzan futsal tournament in the heart of Islamabad featuring teams of twin cities. Gear up! Registrations and venue to be disclosed soon #letsceleb...ratewithTPM ❤ #CELEBRATEWITHTPM #eventsetup #eventplanner #islamabad #eventmanagers #karachi #rawalpindi #management #wedding #functions #birthday #tour #trips #sports #futsalskills #futsal #futsal⚽ #futsala #tournament
Matric=969/1050 Fsc part 1=429/520 Nts=69 Any chance in cs department in FAST NUCES islamabad.
 Do you want to bring your audience to their feet when your speech ends?  Then discover the following important elements that can help you give a successful speech at any stage. REGISTRATION FORM IS LIVE NOW! ------------------------------------------------------------ https://tinyurl.com/NDSMicDrop
#hiring #opening #IOS #Islamabad Location: #Islamabad Gender: M/F Min Edu: Bachelor in Computer science (Firstly there is a paid project from a dubai based company related to  front end ios app development (30k+), according to performance full time job will be offered). A dedicated person is required )  
The tilt table test checks if the vehicle complies with the rules for fuel spillage and rollover stability. At this point the teams have to present their cars i...n ‘ready to race’ condition. This includes all liquids to be filled to the level at which the car will be operated, all components of the car are mounted and it is fuelled to the max.
When the brightest stars align, even the darkest of nights become luminous. Presenting our sponsors, the stars of our industry, collaborating with ABL Developer...s' Day 2019 to guide you towards success!
 GfK PROCOM '19 knows how to take care of its own. Fasten your seat-belts and brace yoursel...ves, Fastians, for we bring you a special announcement. There are massive, cosmos level discounts available for Fastians if they wish to participate and be a part of this extraordinary journey. Hurry up, though, the seats are scarce and limited. Register as soon as possible!

A leading UK based IT company based in Islamabad is urgently hiring Full Stack PHP Developers The candidate should have 3-5 years of experience in PHP, MySQL, Javascript and a good understanding of MVC frameworks (specifically Codeigniter), or laravel, symfony, experience of working on ecommerce solution (e.g. Opencart, Magento, Shopify), HTML/CSS/JS,API development (payment API's development will be preferred) Market competitive salary and other benefits will be offered and ...discussed with shortlisted candidates Apply at : ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Full Stack PHP Developer in email subject) Candidates from Nust Fast and Comsats will be preferred but not mandatory
Stylist Campus Ambassadorship Program. Come & Join Us to enjoy online, flexible hours, part time job with perks like financial rewards, experience certificates ...& shields. This is only for school, college & university students.  To apply as ambassador click on the link below & fill the form. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfd86t65_EJ1Q9DHo…/viewform For details contact us on: https://www.facebook.com/stylistmatters/

#hiring #opening #SQA #Engineer #Islamabad
"The greatest of all arts is the art of losing ourselves in the service of others." JBS (A company of Jaffer Group), one of the leading private companies of Pak...istan, is actively contributing in national economic growth and social development. Experiencing a rich history of over 150 years, JBS (A company of Jaffer group) strives to differentiate itself from its competitors and achieve a leadership position in the chosen spheres of its activities. If you have a desire to learn and to lead, we have a desire for acquiring. Team GfK Procom'19 feels great veneration to be buttressed by JBS (A company of Jaffer group) , who serve their customers' needs in accordance with the short and long term objectives set by them.
 The aforementioned is just the tip of the iceberg in terms of all that awaits if you decide to tag along and register, be it solo or team. Promo Code: PROCOM19

#hiring #opening #SQA #Engineer #islamabad  Location: #Islamabad Experience : 2 years Gender: Female Min Edu: Bachelor in Computer science  
Can anyone tell me about the mid exams date sheet and the starting date??
IEEE WiE TechnoFest 2019 Ambassador Calls are now open! 📢📢 Register at : http://bit.ly/TechnoFestAmbassadors Everyone is encouraged to apply to receive the foll...owing incentives: Every ambassador will receive an ambassador certificate for his hard work - For the highest number of participants: 100% off on registration, free workshops and Best Ambassador Shield - For the 2nd highest number of participants: 75% off on registration - For the 3rd highest number of participants: 50% off on registration We'd definitely love to see you at TechnoFest 2019. Register yourselves as ambassadors before the time runs out! #IEEE #IEEECUI #TECHNOFEST2019 #IEEEWIETECHNOFEST2019


Full-time job opportunity at Creative Morph, a software house: HR Manager Primary Duties and Responsibilities: • Accountable for managing and overseeing all HR processes and functions • Provides leadership, feedback, and, where appropriate, discipline to team members... • Develop and execute recruiting strategy • Responds to general questions pertaining to company policies, procedures, and benefits programs • Provide HR policy and procedure guidance to divisions to ensure compliance • Manage the new hire process. Work internally and externally to locate and find candidates to fill open vacated positions. Assist with pre-phone call interviews, interviews with the management team and recommendations on candidate selections. • Conduct and ensure that all new-hire orientations are conducted timely and align with company practice • Create and keep track of tasks the teams are currently working on This description outlines the basic tasks and requirements for the position noted. It is not a comprehensive listing of all job duties of the associate. Education and Experience Requirements • Bachelor’s degree • Intermediate to advanced skills in Microsoft Excel and Word • Superior communication, influencing and conflict management skills • Ability to respond to associate requests/questions in a professional and timely manner • Ability to multi-task and handle a fast-paced work environment  • Must maintain the confidentiality of all associate issues Gender Preference: Female To apply, please send your resumes at neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “HR Manager”.
CreativeMorph is looking for Administrative Assistant!  Administrative Assistant responsibilities include answering phones, taking messages, preparing reports and maintaining appropriate filing systems. The ideal candidate should have excellent oral and written communication skills and be able to organize their work using tools. Ultimately, a successful Admin Assistant should ensure the efficient and smooth day-to-day operation of an office. Essential Functions • Executive su...pport to CEO, including CEO calendar maintenance and updates • Prepare and modify documents including correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails • Retrieve documents from filing system • Handle requests for information and data • Resolve administrative problems and inquiries • Prepare written responses to routine enquiries • Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements for managers or supervisors • Prepare agendas for meetings and prepare schedules • Open, sort and distribute incoming correspondence • Maintain office supply inventories • Participate and assist with Company Events • Coordinate maintenance of office equipment • Inform the supervisor of operational problems. Determine action necessary in supervisor's absence and handle matter not requiring executive disposition • Process and enter payments (Checks) into spreadsheet • Perform other related work as required Required Education and Experience • Bachelor’s degree • An intermediate to advanced Microsoft Office skill-set • Strong attention to detail • Ability to multitask and adapt to shifting priorities • Strong written and oral communication skills • Prioritizing and adapting within a multi-tasking environment; maintaining a high level of organization and efficient follow-up skills • To work well independently and display a high sense of accountability • To thrive in a fast-paced, team environment • Follow company policies and procedures • Maintain a positive attitude • Must maintain confidentiality To apply, please send your resumes at neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “Administrative Assistant”.

AIChE GIK Student Chapter presents the selected Ambassadors for Chembuzz'19. Congratulations to the selected ambassadors!



Software Developers needed at Peshawar/ Lahore offices: At Xumerz culture, learning, and adapting to new technologies is our team's key strength. Therefore, an ideal candidate will be a fast-learner with background in any technologies, and team-player. The successful candidate will work with our US and Canadian offices in requirements gathering and implementation of our mostly Web based solutions. Requirements: · Fast learner · Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related fields · Fluency in English · Strong analytic and problem solving skills . Dependable and able to work independently For interviews please contact: shababh@xumerz.com
 We are looking for Position: Software Engineer (Node-Angular JS)  Company: Multinational... Exp: Fresh Location: #Islamabad Salary: Negotiable Note: Candidates must have Bachelor Degree in Computer science from top Universities 
Every year, Developers' Day gleams bright, ready to be in action again. It brings forth a chance for individuals to meet the biggest companies, and discuss rela...ted topics such as current trends, new technologies, while handing out tips about how developers can improve the work-space by making their work more efficient and more professional.  Don't believe us? Just ask Javeria Masood about her experience at the event, her words definitely carry enough weight to make this an opportunity you cannot miss!
A leading UK based company is looking for candidates for the position of Java Developer for its Islamabad's office. The ideal candidate must have 3-4 years of experience in Java Development, J2EE, Strong OOP concepts, Experience of working on E-Commerce projects and solutions. Market competitive salary and benefits will be offered to the shortlisted resource. Candidates having education from top notch universities will be highly preferred. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in Email subject) Candidates from FAST and NUST will be highly preferred
A leading UK based IT company based in Islamabad is urgently hiring Full Stack PHP Developers The candidate should have 3-5 years of experience in PHP, MySQL, Javascript and a good understanding of MVC frameworks (specifically Codeigniter), or laravel, symfony, experience of working on ecommerce solution (e.g. Opencart, Magento, Shopify), HTML/CSS/JS,API development (payment API's development will be preferred) Market competitive salary and other benefits will be offered and ...discussed with shortlisted candidates Apply at : ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Full Stack PHP Developer in email subject) Candidates from Nust Fast and Comsats will be highly preferred.
Knock!!! Knock!!! Anyone from MS Applied Linguists?
Urgently hiring FrontEnd JavaScript developer for Rockville Technologies The ideal resource must have 1-2 years of experience in JavaScript which is a must have for this post, knowledge about front end i.e. Html, CSS, knowledge about PSD to Html conversion. Job Location: Gulberg Greens, Islamabad Total Experience: 1-2 years only Apply at: ehtisham@rockvillegroup.com (Mention JavaScript in email subject)
Admissions in Government universities has been opened in Turkey. Following fields are available: - Civil Engineering - Electric Electronics Engineering  - Software Engineering - Computer Engineering - Industrial Engineering  - International Relations - IT engineering - Business Administration - Tourism and hotel management - Dentistry  - MBBS Requirement for admission: 
We are looking to hire PHP Interns (Paid) for Multinational Interested candidates, Please share your resume at farooq@rightjobs.pk
Attention everyone. Thermocon 19 is looming closer and ASHRAE GIKI Chapter has started accepting the registration for its participation call. Hurry up and regis...ter at the link  given below and be a part of one the biggest event of the year. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSf08-Ic7G3Q_09d5…/viewform…
Hey Guys !! Ambassador’s call for MediaFest’19 is underway. Register now to enjoy these perks on our event. For Registration:  http://register.mediaclubgiki.com
Hey Everyone! Follow us on Twitter and Instagram to stay updated... Twitter: twitter.com/nutec_pwr Instagram: instagram.com/nutec_pwr
Hey Everyone! Follow us on Twitter and Instagram to stay updated... Twitter: twitter.com/nutec_pwr Instagram: instagram.com/nutec_pwr
We are looking for 5 x Fresh BBA for Sales & Marketing roles.
IPEEZ is looking for Finance Interns, fresh Finance or Accounting graduates/ACCA/CIMA having excellent Microsoft Excel skills.
IPEEZ welcomes passionate, enthusiastic and confident students/professionals who wish to build their career in marketing department of IT industry. You, the intern, are responsible for the whole marketing process, comprising of Market Research to Planning to Conducting to Follow-up to Material Creation to Presentation to Reporting. *Market Research *Strategies marketing plan *Sales & Business Development activities *Follow up with your customers *Create presentation’s materials *Conduct presentation *Other ad-hoc assigned by the manager *Ability to use MS office (Word, Excel and Power Point) *Able to work independently *Able to take the initiative *Self-motivated and proactive person *A person with interest in Marketing FURTHER DETAILS: *Qualification: BBA/MBA In Marketing *Specialization: Marketing  *Position:: Marketing Executive (Internship Lead to Job) *Location: IslamabadIslamabad *Gender: Male/Female *Closing Date: January 30, 2019  *Age: 22 +  *Stipend: 7k-15k
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 Do you want to learn more about AI, IoT and conventional programming? eLogic Solutions is a growing inn...ovative company serving the IoT industry. Company focuses on brand integrity by counterfeit protection solutions. Our mission is to offer the best research, H/W & S/W development facilities for medium to large sized brands. eLogic Solutions is looking for highly energetic, talented and strong logic interns against 3 months internship offering. Offering is for undergraduates and graduates in discipline of CS, IT, SE and Mechatronics. You will be stationed at NIC, a state-of-art technology hub of Pakistan and supervised/mentored by research and industry experts. We are an equal opportunity. As compensation, interns will be offered extensive learning opportunities of market in-demand skills and technologies.  Location  •    National Incubation Centre H-9, Islamabad  Application Date •    Till, Jan 15th ’19 End and Start Date •    Jan 15th ’19 – April 15th ‘19 Full/Part Time  •    For undergraduates:  20h/week •    For graduates:  40h/week Compensation •    Learning and Experience Essential Functions: • C# • ASP.NET and Web Forms • SQL database design & querying fundamentals • AJAX & jQuery (basic knowledge) • Twitter Bootstrap familiarity is a plus • Experience working with dll’s and API’s • Understanding of basic responsive design principles • A basic understanding of XSS, SQL injection and other vulnerabilities commonly exploited in attacks against websites is a plus Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Create highly usable, responsive, websites and web apps using Visual Studio • Create, manage, and host a growing suite of SaaS web-based services • Provide highly secure website and application hosting • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Essential Functions: • Thorough knowledge of C#, LINQ, .NET Framework, Visual Studio, WinAPi, WebAPi, SQL Server, win&web and application servers • Working knowledge of developing and maintaining .Net multi-threaded windows Apps and Services • Strong knowledge on SQL server programming. • Exposure to SSIS, Oracle PLSQL programming and SAS would be a plus • Well versed in Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment tools • Experience working in Agile development process and good understanding of various phases of Software Development Lifecycle • Relational database experience and proven abilities in SQL and data modeling is required • Experience with component based win application frameworks • Ability to identify and triage around issues of critical importance to achieving business objectives. • Write clear, concise, well organized technical documentation to maintain standards and procedures High-level Document (HLD) and Technical Design Document (LLD) preparation. • Understand the requirement and analyze on a technical feasibility and design. • Coding the requirement and proper Check in / Checkout in Version control. Unit Test Cases Preparation and Execution. Code Review and Checklist document preparation.  Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Essential Functions: • Thorough knowledge of C#, .NET Framework, Visual Studio, WinAPi, WebAPi, SQL Server • Working knowledge of developing and maintaining .Net multi-threaded windows Apps and Services • Hands on experience in C#, Telerik, SQL and LINQ • Experience working with 3rd party user control libraries such as Telerik, DevExpress • Skilled with SQL Back-end development including performance tuning, indexing and stored procedures • Must have strong experience in Object Oriented design and development • Solid understanding of transactional database design • Strong experience designing and working with n-tier architectures • Write clear, concise, well organized technical documentation to maintain standards and procedures High-level Document (HLD) and Technical Design Document (LLD) preparation. • Understand the requirement and analyze on a technical feasibility and design. • Coding the requirement and proper Check in / Checkout in Version control. Unit Test Cases Preparation and Execution. Code Review and Checklist document preparation.  Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Essential Functions: • Creative Services to establish the overall look, graphic elements and content of both print and electronic graphic materials. • Utilizes available and current artwork, photos, illustration banks, fonts, typography guides and colors supplied by the Creative Services Department. • Determines the best design and methods to produce requested creative projects. • Prepares sketches, layouts and graphic elements of the subjects to be created using current graphics software. • Develops large format graphics. • Assists with project trafficking for review and approval process. • Assists in trimming, mounting and installing signs/graphics when needed. Some administrative responsibilities. Qualifications: • MUST be creative. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT discipline along with design experience across a variety of media (digital and print) • Excellent knowledge of Adobe Creative Cloud applications (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint). • CorelDraw knowledge is huge plus. • Ability to work effectively and enthusiastically as part of a team. • Completes design projects as assigned. • Ability to work and think out of box.  Essential Functions: • Develops and implements UI designs by building interfaces using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and XML • Works closely and effectively with other members of the company to produce interfaces that satisfy the business requirements • Twitter Bootstrap familiarity is a plus • Unit tests work and adheres to agreed-upon production requirements • Adheres to version control processes and methodologies • Follows the processes and procedures that govern day-to-day activities and long-term goals Qualifications: • MUST be creative. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT discipline along with design experience across a variety of web frontend technologies. • Should have good visual design skills and an understanding of using UI components. • Understanding of XHTML, DHTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript development skills and cross browser compatibility issues. • Experienced in hand-coding and debugging HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Ability to produce quality of work. • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional software development team. • Ability to work well under pressure. Essential Functions: • Creating images, animations, exploded views, camera flys, interactive images, 3D designs and animations. • Using SolidWorks to create assets from scratch to make the 3D model look photorealistic (custom textures, materials, HDRs, Backplates, etc) • Creating 3D-rendered content to visualize product for supporting the Marketing and Social teams • Machine design is a huge plus. • Assisting the research/development with motion analysis etc. Qualifications: • Passion for learning more about the 3D visualization side of the design process • Grad/UnderGrad with Mechatronics discipline along with machine design knowledge • Ability to work independently and/or within a collaborative team structure • Demonstrate strong 3D communications skills – 3D modeling and 3D rendering • Strong skills in Adobe CC products, particularly SolidWorks and Photoshop • Strong communication skills in English, both orally and in writing • Ability to produce quality of work. • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional software development team. • Ability to work well under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link:  https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Creating images, animations, exploded views, camera flys, interactive images, ...3D designs and animations. • Using SolidWorks to create assets from scratch to make the 3D model look photorealistic (custom textures, materials, HDRs, Backplates, etc) • Creating 3D-rendered content to visualize product for supporting the Marketing and Social teams • Machine design is a huge plus. • Assisting the research/development with motion analysis etc. Qualifications: • Passion for learning more about the 3D visualization side of the design process • Grad/UnderGrad with Mechatronics discipline along with machine design knowledge • Ability to work independently and/or within a collaborative team structure • Demonstrate strong 3D communications skills – 3D modeling and 3D rendering • Strong skills in Adobe CC products, particularly SolidWorks and Photoshop • Strong communication skills in English, both orally and in writing • Ability to produce quality of work. • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional software development team. • Ability to work well under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Develops and implements UI designs by building interfaces using HTML, CSS, Jav...aScript, and XML • Works closely and effectively with other members of the company to produce interfaces that satisfy the business requirements • Twitter Bootstrap familiarity is a plus • Unit tests work and adheres to agreed-upon production requirements • Adheres to version control processes and methodologies • Follows the processes and procedures that govern day-to-day activities and long-term goals Qualifications: • MUST be creative. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT discipline along with design experience across a variety of web frontend technologies. • Should have good visual design skills and an understanding of using UI components. • Understanding of XHTML, DHTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript development skills and cross browser compatibility issues. • Experienced in hand-coding and debugging HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Ability to produce quality of work. • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional software development team. • Ability to work well under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Creative Services to establish the overall look, graphic elements and content ...of both print and electronic graphic materials. • Utilizes available and current artwork, photos, illustration banks, fonts, typography guides and colors supplied by the Creative Services Department. • Determines the best design and methods to produce requested creative projects. • Prepares sketches, layouts and graphic elements of the subjects to be created using current graphics software. • Develops large format graphics. • Assists with project trafficking for review and approval process. • Assists in trimming, mounting and installing signs/graphics when needed. Some administrative responsibilities. Qualifications: • MUST be creative. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT discipline along with design experience across a variety of media (digital and print) • Excellent knowledge of Adobe Creative Cloud applications (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint). • CorelDraw knowledge is huge plus. • Ability to work effectively and enthusiastically as part of a team. • Completes design projects as assigned. • Ability to work and think out of box.  Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Thorough knowledge of C#, .NET Framework, Visual Studio, WinAPi, WebAPi, SQL S...erver • Working knowledge of developing and maintaining .Net multi-threaded windows Apps and Services • Hands on experience in C#, Telerik, SQL and LINQ • Experience working with 3rd party user control libraries such as Telerik, DevExpress • Skilled with SQL Back-end development including performance tuning, indexing and stored procedures • Must have strong experience in Object Oriented design and development • Solid understanding of transactional database design • Strong experience designing and working with n-tier architectures • Write clear, concise, well organized technical documentation to maintain standards and procedures High-level Document (HLD) and Technical Design Document (LLD) preparation. • Understand the requirement and analyze on a technical feasibility and design. • Coding the requirement and proper Check in / Checkout in Version control. Unit Test Cases Preparation and Execution. Code Review and Checklist document preparation.  Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Thorough knowledge of C#, LINQ, .NET Framework, Visual Studio, WinAPi, WebAPi,... SQL Server, win&web and application servers • Working knowledge of developing and maintaining .Net multi-threaded windows Apps and Services • Strong knowledge on SQL server programming. • Exposure to SSIS, Oracle PLSQL programming and SAS would be a plus • Well versed in Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment tools • Experience working in Agile development process and good understanding of various phases of Software Development Lifecycle • Relational database experience and proven abilities in SQL and data modeling is required • Experience with component based win application frameworks • Ability to identify and triage around issues of critical importance to achieving business objectives. • Write clear, concise, well organized technical documentation to maintain standards and procedures High-level Document (HLD) and Technical Design Document (LLD) preparation. • Understand the requirement and analyze on a technical feasibility and design. • Coding the requirement and proper Check in / Checkout in Version control. Unit Test Cases Preparation and Execution. Code Review and Checklist document preparation.  Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • C# • ASP.NET and Web Forms... • SQL database design & querying fundamentals • AJAX & jQuery (basic knowledge) • Twitter Bootstrap familiarity is a plus • Experience working with dll’s and API’s • Understanding of basic responsive design principles • A basic understanding of XSS, SQL injection and other vulnerabilities commonly exploited in attacks against websites is a plus Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Create highly usable, responsive, websites and web apps using Visual Studio • Create, manage, and host a growing suite of SaaS web-based services • Provide highly secure website and application hosting • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
IPEEZ welcomes passionate, enthusiastic and confident students/professionals who wish to build their career in marketing department of IT industry. You, the intern, are responsible for the whole marketing process, comprising of Market Research to Planning to Conducting to Follow-up to Material Creation to Presentation to Reporting. *Market Research *Strategies marketing plan *Sales & Business Development activities *Follow up with your customers *Create presentation’s materials *Conduct presentation *Other ad-hoc assigned by the manager *Ability to use MS office (Word, Excel and Power Point) *Able to work independently *Able to take the initiative *Self-motivated and proactive person *A person with interest in Marketing FURTHER DETAILS: *Qualification: BBA/MBA In Marketing *Specialization: Marketing  *Position:: Marketing Executive (Internship Lead to Job) *Location: IslamabadIslamabad *Gender: Male/Female *Closing Date: January 30, 2019  *Age: 22 +  *Stipend: 7k-15k
Rockville Technologies is looking for Fresh - 01 year of experienced BBA/MBA graduates for the position of Business Development Executive - Devices for its Islamabad office in Gulberg Greens The ideal resource must possess excellent english communication skills, knowledge of business development process, IT proficiency wrt to IOT Products and Devices.
 Qualification: BSCS/Software Engineering/BSIT... Experience: Fresh Location: Islamabad Gender: Female Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name "SQA Intern" in subject line.
Rockville Technologies is looking for Fresh - 01 year of experienced BBA/MBA graduates for the position of Business Development Executive - Devices for its Islamabad office in Gulberg Greens The ideal resource must possess excellent english communication skills, knowledge of business development process, IT proficiency wrt to IOT Products and Devices.

What could be the minimum CGPA possibility for MS-SE admission in ISB campus? I know a 2.0er can apply but chances for admission are very less for a 2.0er.
Hey! I need brand ambassadors for my food brand from any university, Corporate sector and school. Person must have good PR and communication skills. kindly do inbox for further info. And onething, this is paid job and you can earn a handsome amount. Male/female both can apply. Chaska n criticism party stay away.
 This is a customer-facing support role, no engineering experience is required. You will be providing support for SellerLegend, a robust business intelligence tool for Amazon sellers.
 Responsibilities: • Responsible for developing customer facing Web and Mobile Applications from the ground up • Full Stack Development, using any React.JS, Angular.JS, Node.JS, React Native... • Frontend development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Framework - Angular.JS, React.JS, Express.JS, Node.JS, Ember.JS, Mean.JS • MT and BE development - APIs - REST, REST APIs, SOAP APIs, Web API, Web Services, MongoDB • Responsible for maintaining and enhancing existing code and UI while also creating new projects using the latest coding techniques with React, ES6, ES7 and NodeJS within an Agile environment • Designing, developing, testing, documenting and deploying highly available, fast and enjoyable user experiences • Development of web user interfaces using jQuery and frameworks such as angular and bootstrap • Development of highly interactive data interfaces to consume and display data from enterprise systems online • Lead release management efforts of front-end code, including migration of data and, build across environments Plus Points: • Front End Development using JavaScript Framework such as Angular.js, Angular 2, ReactJS, Angular.js 2, TypeScript, Backbone.js, Node.js, Knockout.js, React.js, RxJS, DOM Fundamentals, ES6, ES7, Embre.js, Aurelia.js, Meteor.js, Vue.js, Polymer, Socket • Version Controls such as GIT, GIThub, TFS, VSS • Strong OOP – Object-Oriented Programming, OOA/D – Object Oriented Analysis and Design To apply, please send your resume to neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “JavaScript Developer”.

Immediate job positions for Senior and Junior Software QA Engineers and Quality Assurance Junior Analysts for IT company Jethealthsolutions, EWORX Lahore, located near Emporium Mall, Johar Town www.eworxintl.com/ Send your C.Vs and Covering Letter for position you want to apply at: waris.butt@jethealthsolutions.com
Time is running out fast, don't let this opportunity slip people! Apply Now: https://goo.gl/forms/GrgwUIVBLnsGmwf23
CreativeMorph is looking for a talented Quality Assurance Specialist skilled in developing, documenting, and executing manual and automated testing for custom developed applications. The Quality Assurance Specialist will test in terms of functionality, performance, reliability and stability. They will also be responsible to lead manage and execute all phases of quality assurance testing. Responsibilities: • Isolate, replicate, and report defects and verify bug fixes. • Execut...e and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results.  • Adapt in an agile environment with rapidly changing requirements. • Hold and facilitate test plan/case reviews with cross-functional team members. • Support all aspects of user acceptance testing by the primary customer and/or users.  • Adapt test automation to suit project needs. • Create clear and detail oriented test plans. • Liaison with development and engineering support team to assist with troubleshooting. Requirements: • At least one-year of experience in the relevant field. • Gender preference: Female. However, males will also be considered.  To apply, please email your resumes at neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “Quality Assurance Specialist”
Symbolism brings art to life by bestowing it the gift of meaning. NUST Olympiad '19 is about unity, spirit and energy, and they cannot be more vividly described... than in our new logo.  The flames represent our collective passion to take this event to new heights. The iconic NUST dome represents the surreal ability of the Olympiad to pull NUSTians from all batches and disciplines into one big family; the Olympiad family. Above all, the Olympiad logo represents all of us, our passion, not just to create something great, but to ignite passion in others as well. For whatever we achieve, we achieve together. Without futher adeu, we present to you: The NUST Olympiad 2019 logo!

Before enter to Software Development Industry, are you READY ? Book your FREE ticket at https://goo.gl/forms/i2eXVt4zEddTWXBC3
 Field: Graphic Design/Motion Graphics

Good news! Due to an overwhelming response and multiple requests, ambassador call for Photonics Pakistan ’19 has been extended till 10th December 2018. Don’t mi...ss out on the chance to attend one of the biggest spie symposiums filled with exhilarating social events and technical modules. Register as an ambassador for your institution, or individually! (Slots are limited, and registrations will be entertained on a first come first serve basis) https://docs.google.com/…/19YXhb0IBb-Mf3_1j9FTH4tAlfhH…/edit

Ambassadors are the wheels which propel an event to success, and ensure that it lives up to its potential. Here lies your chance of joining the NUST Olympiad fa...mily as our eyes and ears. In return, we offer you an experience of a lifetime. So don't miss your chance and apply now: https://goo.gl/forms/GrgwUIVBLnsGmwf23
Our Ambassadors are an integral component of the Olympiad family and we make sure that they are properly rewarded for the hardwork they put into making the event a success. Apart from the amazing experience they have with us, here are some of the incentives we promise them as a reward.
If anyone willing to transfer from Fast Lahore to Fast Islamabad.(Any department, Any batch) Please contact me at 03054489123
Its official! The opportunity to become an ambassador for the biggest Olympiad of the country is here. Go for it: https://goo.gl/forms/GrgwUIVBLnsGmwf23



Would you like to be the ambassador of Nust Olympiad’19?  If yes: then fill out this form https://goo.gl/forms/GrgwUIVBLnsGmwf23
Have you ever imagined taking part in the ACM ICPC (ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest)? Have you ever wished to be a part of hackathon? Have you ...ever been coding for straight 72 hours? Are you good at coding, poster designing at technical knowledge? Have you ever been given the chance to interact with representatives of huge companies like IBM, GOOGLE AND MICROSOFT? Do you want to be the part of a 3 day jam packed event also including a theme dinner, concert and hiking? Now you get all this in SOFTCOM’19. AMBASSADOR REGISTRATIONS ARE OPEN. So gear up and be an ambassador of this mega event and get a chance to demonstrate your skills and raise your profile! Be our ambassador and get your entry fee exempted on bringing more than 10 participants and much more!  Apply before it’s too late! Event dates : February 22nd to 24th, 2019. #Softcomgiki #Acmgiki Here is the link to the form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQJjAOUrzgTUibb…/viewform…
Have you ever imagined taking part in the ACM ICPC (ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest)? Have you ever wished to be a part of hackathon? Have you ...ever been coding for straight 72 hours? Are you good at coding, poster designing at technical knowledge? Have you ever been given the chance to interact with representatives of huge companies like IBM, GOOGLE AND MICROSOFT? Do you want to be the part of a 3 day jam packed event also including a theme dinner, concert and hiking? Now you get all this in SOFTCOM’19. AMBASSADOR REGISTRATIONS ARE OPEN. So gear up and be an ambassador of this mega event and get a chance to demonstrate your skills and raise your profile! Be our ambassador and get your entry fee exempted on bringing more than 10 participants and much more!  Apply before it’s too late! Event dates : February 22nd to 24th, 2019. #Softcomgiki #Acmgiki Here is the link to the form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQJjAOUrzgTUibb…/viewform…
Hurry up and register as we approach the closing of our Ambassador Call! Make sure you don't miss out on being a part of the biggest event of the year!
 This is not a work from home opportunity. This is an office based internship.

 Dear participants! Due to upcoming exams of Comsats University, Islamabad Campus Robian'18 is postponed. However, no need to feel down, as we a...re returning back more energized and excited. The new dates are 14th to 16th December for Robian18.  #IEEERAS  #IEEECUI  #ROBIAN18  #Daretocompete

 The ideal resource must have 01-03 years of experience in server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS (preferred). Proficient understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks/Libraries, including ReactJS, jQuery
Tangent Technologies F-11 Markaz, Islamabad is urgently hiring JAVA BACKEND DEVELOPER The ideal resource must have at least 01 year of experience related to JAVA, Hibernate, JSF (JavaServer Faces) Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Backend Developer in email subject) Note: Only relevant candidates will be contacted. Strong Java Concepts is a must and only 01 year of experience is required.
Experienced android developer for Lahore office job.  Email your cv at hr@codingcampus.tech
 & HOW YOU'LL CONTRIBUTE: - Sorting out best candidates for organization Collection and shortlisting of CVs Participating in finalization of selection criteria. Involvement in Recruitment process. Listing of candidates after interview  Developing understanding of industry and active participation in organizational development  - Other assignments from supervisors. & BENEFITS: Direct training by recruitment supervisor Experience in professional work environment  Opportunity to collaborate with international teams from different countries  Network building  Understanding and experience of recruitment in tech industry with certifications. - cozy free lunch - stipend based on performance > APPLICATION: Interested applicants can apply by sending your English CV to: hr@codingcampus.tech  with the email subject: Recruitment Intern – Full Name
Urgently hiring ReactJS Developer for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies The ideal candidate must have expertise in the below mentioned areas: -Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 -Understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS (preferred) -Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AXIOS -Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT -UI -UX Animations using CSS3 and SVG Animations expertise will be preferred but not mandatory
Urgently hiring Automation Software Quality Assurance Engineer for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies The ideal candidate must have experience of 1-2 years in automation testing, selenium, making test cases, QA of Android and iOS Applications.
Tangent Technologies PVT LTD F-11 markaz Islamabad is urgently hiring SEO Specialist The ideal candidate must have 2-3 years of experience (not more than that) in Digital Marketing, SEO SMM. Expertise of Google Analytics will be a plus Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention SEO Specialist in your email subject)

Urgently hiring #ReactJS #Developer for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies The ideal candidate must have expertise in the below mentioned areas: -Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 -Understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS (preferred) -Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AXIOS -Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT -UI -UX Animations using CSS3 and SVG Animations expertise will be preferred but not mandatory
Get ready to dance till you drop. Joining us this winter at the All Pakistan Mathematics Olympiad in GIK Institute, for the first time ever, is the savy Hamsafa...r girl. With her smooth voice, we are pleased to announce that Qurat ul ain Balouch is with us for our event. Registration link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd8OY5MlrHA24O3EA…/viewform
 The ideal candidate will have 4 to 6 years of Development using C, C++ in a Linux Environment Test Driven Development experience... Experience in C+, STL and Boost frameworks, TCP/IP Sockets and multi-threaded programming (would be a plus) Education & Qualifications Bachelor’s of Engineering in Computing & Telecommunications discipline Interested candidates could send their CVs on the following email address: Adnan.Kiani@afiniti.com
We are hiring Business Development Executive - Digital Products and Services for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies
Ladies and Gentlemen the wait is finally over and the time has finally arrived for 6th International Science & Youth Symposium. This time we present to you “ISY...S GOLD". So hurry up and get yourself registered! The registrations for 6th ISYS are now open! Do not miss your chance to be a part of one of the biggest symposiums of the year 2018. and our event page: https://www.facebook.com/events/268883720423574/


A historic moment for Pakistan’s footballing community. Club Atlético de Madrid opens first official Training Academy in Pakistan, Atlético De Madrid Academia.
 Additionally this is a customer-facing support role, no engineering experience is required. You will be providing support for SellerLegend, a robust business intelligence tool for Amazon sellers.
why everyone says that fast has the best BSCS..please answer
AoA, We operate as a tour operator from Islamabad and Lahore, Basically we belong from NUST, need ambassador from FAST University, Initially volunteer will get free tours of Kashmir and Northern areas. If anyone has strong marketing skills and social circle, if interested, contact me via inbox. Page Link: https://web.facebook.com/mat.makeatour/
Urgently required GRAPHICS DESIGNER for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal resource must have a minimum experience of 2-3 years in Graphics Designing related to web, desktop and mobile applications, HTML,CSS, UX-UI designing Apply at: ehtisham@rockvillegroup.com (Mention GRAPHICS DESIGNER in email subject)
CreativeMorph is looking for a talented Quality Assurance Specialist skilled in developing, documenting, and executing manual and automated testing for custom developed applications. The Quality Assurance Engineer will test in terms of functionality, performance, reliability and stability. They will also be responsible to lead manage and execute all phases of quality assurance testing. Responsibilities: • Isolate, replicate, and report defects and verify bug fixes. • Execute ...and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results.  • Adapt in an agile environment with rapidly changing requirements. • Hold and facilitate test plan/case reviews with cross-functional team members. • Support all aspects of user acceptance testing by the primary customer and/or users.  • Adapt test automation to suit project needs. • Create clear and detail oriented test plans. • Liaison with development and engineering support team to assist with troubleshooting. Requirements: • At least one-year of experience in the relevant field. • Gender preference: Female. However, males will also be considered. To apply, please email your resumes at neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “Quality Assurance Specialist”
Hey Everyone! IEEE is back with the long awaited Ambassador Call for NEO X1. Stay tuned for more updates!
A leading IT company in Islamabad Stock Exchange Tower is hiring the below 2- Front End Developer (3-4 years of experienc in front end development, html, css, web development) Excellent salary package and perks will be offered which will be discussed in the interview Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com
 www.netronixgiki.com/register.html http://www.netronixgiki.com/ambassador.php

Hiring Communication Specialist and Cambridge Teachers for our Education Sector vertical in Islamabad.  For both job roles the candidate must have excellent English oral and written communication skills. Required qualification is bachelors/masters. Candidates with O & A level's background will be considered.
Hiring Communication Specialist and Cambridge Teachers for our Education Sector vertical in Islamabad.  For both job roles the candidate must have excellent English oral and written communication skills. Required qualification is bachelors/masters. Candidates with O & A level's background will be considered.
.NET Full Stack Development. Starting 3rd Oct 2018, 2 days a week and for 3.5 months duration. Time for training 5pm to 7pm. Venue: National Incubation Center For REGISTRATION (PAID & limited seats)... Call/WhatsApp - 03216143969 AIR/NUST University Islamabad Sheharyar - 03016224446 Haseeb - 03325524277 Bahria/COMSATS University Islamabad Omar - 03337865857 IIUI/FAST Atiq - 03438527616
We are hiring Node.js/PHP Developer for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies The ideal candidate must have 3 years of experience in PHP and Node JS, RESTful APIs, JSON, HTML, CSS, JQuery 
 Responsibilities: • Responsible for developing customer facing Web and Mobile Applications from the ground up • Full Stack Development, using any React.JS, Angular.JS, Node.JS, React Native... • Frontend development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Framework - Angular.JS, React.JS, Express.JS, Node.JS, Ember.JS, Mean.JS • MT and BE development - APIs - REST, REST APIs, SOAP APIs, Web API, Web Services, MongoDB • Responsible for maintaining and enhancing existing code and UI while also creating new projects using the latest coding techniques with React, ES6, ES7 and NodeJS within an Agile environment • Designing, developing, testing, documenting and deploying highly available, fast and enjoyable user experiences • Development of web user interfaces using jQuery and frameworks such as angular and bootstrap • Development of highly interactive data interfaces to consume and display data from enterprise systems online • Lead release management efforts of front-end code, including migration of data and, build across environments Requirements: • Bachelors in Computer Science or Software Engineering  • 1+ years of experience in Full Stack Javascript Development preferred • Works in an agile and scrum environment • Ability to manage day-to-day responsibilities with minimal supervision Plus Points: • Front End Development using JavaScript Framework such as Angular.js, Angular 2, ReactJS, Angular.js 2, TypeScript, Backbone.js, Node.js, Knockout.js, React.js, RxJS, DOM Fundamentals, ES6, ES7, Embre.js, Aurelia.js, Meteor.js, Vue.js, Polymer, Socket • Version Controls such as GIT, GIThub, TFS, VSS • Strong OOP – Object-Oriented Programming, OOA/D – Object Oriented Analysis and Design To apply, please send your resume to neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “JavaScript Developer”.
Asslam o Alaikum seniors...!!!  1. starting with c++ 2. Thomas calculus (cal1) if any one have those books kindly contact me, (isb campus) thanks in advance
i got 93% in matric and 88%in fsc and i want to do BSCS so guide me to select the best university...
Cheer up people we extended the proof submission deadline by 8 days on your request! #NVCCSA18 #allforhumanity  For any query related to this program please con...tact us : M Obaid Ullah 03405177650 Awais ahmad ‭ 03365808929‬ Sameen Abbas
i want to know about the BSCS of fast...please tell me..

Robian is a collection of robotics symposia and contests held annually at COMSATS University, Islamabad Campus. For the past couple of years Robian was limited ...to participants from within the campus. This year however we are expanding to welcome participants from all over Pakistan.  Robian is not just another robotics contest, it is so much more. Robian is a platform for roboticists (students, teachers, researchers, and hobbyists) to come together, learn, share their ideas, help others, collaborate and showcase their skills in various categories of the robotics contest. This event serves as the unified portal for all these activities. We will be conducting workshops/seminars, hosting tutorial sessions and discussing various aspects of robot design and programming leading up to the main event in November 2018. For Ambassadors: For 20 teams: Free registration, lunch and accommodation. For 10 teams: Free registration and lunch. For 5 teams: Free registration. Moreover, the ambassador with the most registrations will receive a shield from COMSATS University and the Best Ambassador Award. The university with the most registrations will be recognized during the event. Also, the Best Ambassador will also receive a cash prize from COMSATS University. Link for the ambassador form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScRhrDb4opmmx…/formResponse  Link for the registration form:  https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdpaJZB2HvElCDB2…/viewform… TEAM REGISTRATION DETAILS: For registration, a team should have 4 members. Following are the details of registration: Regular: September 16th - October 30th : Registration fees will be Rs. 2500/- per team for each category. Late: October 31st - November 25th: Registration fees will be Rs. 3000/- per team for each category. PROJECT EXHIBITION Charges for Project Exhibition: Rs. 1000/- TALKS: Charges for Talks: Rs. 500/- (In this price, you can also attend the event) Event dates : 30 November to 2 December  #IEEE #IEEE_CUI #ROBIAN18 #COMSATS


With the last date of registration coming up, everyone is encouraged to join the project so that we may get maximum output "For the people by the people". Be it... individually or in groups, everyone should take part in this venture. Also, registered participants are requested to send in their completed task proofs so that results may be compiled #NVCCSA18 #Allforhumanity  Registration link : http://bit.ly/NVC_CSA18


 Register before 10th September: http://bit.ly/NVC_CSA18 Don’t forget to submit your proofs before 20th September!  #NVCCSA18

 Hiring MARKETING INTERNS (Paid)
Can any please tell if applied programming is compulsory for MS CS students if they have done BS CS from fast?
Anzen is looking for campus ambassadors from universities in Rawalpindi/Islamabad. If you are a tech enthusiast and want to learn something new apply now for this program. Fill the registration form and we will contact you.  Registration Link: https://goo.gl/yeQMwJ

Hiring candidates for the position of #Business #Development #Executive for our #Islamabad's office of #Rockville #Technologies The ideal resource must have excellent oral and written communication skills, exposure of IT Business Development, knowledge about how to write RFP,RFQ's, Proposal Writing, Bidding, Giving corporate Presentations to clients and expanding the company's business by identifying new potential projects, supporting teams in product development, leading pro...motional campaigns and branding activities. The required experience is 1-3 years only (not more than that). Experience of having Telecom Business Development Background will be given a preference. #Email Updated Resume at: ehtisham@rockvillegroup.com (Mention #Business #Development in the email subject)

How many people here are in ms ds isb campus. Do you have any prerequisite issue? I hv some issue related to pre requisite, but dont knowhow to sort out


Fast me final docs submit krana ki last date 28 august h, lkn jin k abhi final bs ki transcript nhi ae, unk kia bna ga
Guyz plz koi mujay batao k fast isb walo nay abhi kisi ko bs electrical k liyay waiting mein dala hosakta hai k bas ab admissions close ho gaiy hain? Ya kisi duusray campus say utha kar isb mein dalna possible hai?
How can MS students of get enrolled in the subjects of semester 1
Can anyone explain MS CS time table?

Fast ka uniform hai? and koi restrictions hai regarding dress. Orientation postponed hai pehle din waha beghair books ke jahaz bnai ge Kya?
Assalam Alaikum. My younger brother is selected in Fast NU for CS, I wanted to ask if he can avail PEEF Scholarship for Islamabad campus of Fast or not?? Is there anyone who is availing this scholarship for this campus then please guide me!

Fast Main Masters K Liye Koi Scholarship Hai??

Hi guys m selected for BSAF and BS Electrical Engineering in which feild I would get admission???😏😏😏


Guys I have been selected in CS in both NUST and FAST.. where should I go?? #need_sincere_advices_plz



Want to be a Data Scientist? Kick-start you career from this extensive course on Python & Data Science. Reserve your seat now to learn from top-notch Data Scientists! To Reserve: goo.gl/2XhWbc
Orientation timing of fast in isb campus  ?
Dress Code Of Fast Isl?
Fast University ISB Campus k kareb koe hostel ya falte Ha to information day day koe es bary ma plzzz and thankx ... Its Ugent.. 😁😁
Fast k next admission kB se hn? And test me kya hota ha I mean kya kya ata ha plz guide me???


Hi guys koi mujhy bta sakta hy Fast Islamabad Ki orientation day paar Kia hota hy???😏
Hi guyss Fast Islamabad Bs Accounts and Finance my kaisi hy???😏
Ms data science at fast or job.  Which one you would prefer and why?
Hey guys,  My company is looking for a UI/UX Graphic Designer with awesome aesthetics.  If you think you have what it takes then email your CV and portfolio at sehrish.pesnani@dwizardz.com ASAP
Which one is better? MSCS FAST Lahore or MSCS FAST Islamabad?
Fast Islamabad campus ki jo 2nd list lagiii hai us ki fee jama karwane ki last date kab hai?
Flat Near  Fast/Nust On Rent ? Price Should Be In Medium Range.  Looking For Your Comments.  Thanks.

Saw this today... Selected in FAST Lahore campus.I have submitted fee in FAST ISL campus.Should I go to Lahore?which one is better?
What should I select for MSCS Program...? FAST Lahore(Admission Confirmed) or Comsats Lahore(Shortlisted) Tomorrow is the deadline for FAST, so kindly share your experience related to fee and scope as well...
Fast Islamabad ki Electrical engineering kesi hai, Pakistan ki konsi engg University (EE) ke equal standard rakhti hai (EE).
Anyone,what is the aggregate for MS(CS)..?
Hello, Please recommend which hostels are best near FAST. Budget is not an issue Facilities should include AC, good quality food.
#JobsAlert: Position open for "Pay Per Click-PPC Assistant" with 1-2 yrs experience. Location: Islamabad. Please send your resume at zaeen.masud@basecampdata.com. Also, do tag those who may be interested. Please Share & refer. #PPC #SEO
Tomorrow is my interview for MSCS in FAST Lahore. Kindly share your experience...

How's the MS Data Science faculty of FAST Islamabad? Can I continue my Job with MS Data Science?


Does everyone receive ‘conditional’ offer letter for MS?
 Can you please guide me what’s the closing merit for BSCS in FAST,lahore based on NTS test. Also he got conditional email from FAST Peshawar, is it related to other campuses like if we don’t submit fee will it take his seat out of FAST?
 75% SCHOLARSHIPS FOR MASTER PROGRAM /Bachelors Programs (Istanbul – Turkey)Northern Cyprus  Apply through BGF Consultants. Scholarship is on tuition fees and it will be paid for whole master program in two or three equal installments.  You can go to European countries like Germany, Austria, Portugal, Belgium, Romania, Croatia, Spain, France, UK, and Netherlands through the ERASMAS program of University  *International Faculties  *Top rankings University’s  *Erasmus Program *Low tuitions Fee *Part time work allow *International internship  *Free Health insurance  *Work permit  *Cheap accommodation Bachelors Program:  1) Electronics and Computer Engineering 2) International Relations  3) Software Engineering 4) Architecture Engineering  5) Industrial and Systems Engineering 6) Mechatronics Engineering  7)  Civil Aviation  😎 MBA: Business Administration Banking 9) Mechanical Engineering 10) Fashion and textiles Design  11)  Business Administration  12) Political Science and International Relations 13) Cultural Studies 14) History 15) Civil Engineering  Master Courses: 1) Electronics and Computer Engineering 2) International Relations  3) Engineering Management 4) Structure Engineering   5) Industrial and Systems Engineering 6) Data Sciences 7) MBA: Business Islamic Finance and Economics 😎 MBA: Business Administration Banking 9) MBA: Business Finance 10) MBA: Business and Business Analysis 11) Master of Business Administration  12) Political Science and International Relations 13) Cultural Studies 14) History 15) Sociology etc.............. Eligibility criteria: a) Bachelors (four years) with minimum 60% marks or CGPA 2.0 b) No IELTS or TOEFL 1. BS/BA Degree (in English or Turkish) 2. BS/BA Transcript (in English or Turkish) 3. Letter of Intent/Motivation Letter 4. Photograph 5. Passport 6. Curriculum Vitae Send all documents to bgfconsulting786@gmail.com  bilal.06625@gmail.com MOB:   +923486624310 Whatsapp No: +923486624310 For Lahore office you will meet with Subhan Rana  Lahore Address : Office #604 Floor #6 Saddiq Center Lahore Faisalabad Address: First Floor, Dragon Mall, Satana  Road Chowk,  D-Ground, Faisalabad
Can someone please guide me about time table for MS CS? How many courses a day and how many days a week?
By mistake I have received the letter of Agha Muhmmad Usman FAST ISLAMABAD EE ARN#1827175. If someone knows him kindly inform him.
Previously i can see my result (MS) on fast website, but now it say no record found


Master program ki list b display ho gai hen kia????
Anyone got admission in fast isb on nts base?

Mere aggregate 63.50 bana hai  Any chance in BSCS? FAST Islamabad
Mere aggregate 63.50 bana hai BSCS mein  Or fist list 64 par ruuki hai Koi chance hai keh mera 2nd list mein name a jaye ga?
Hello ppl Can you guys guide me I have a question regarding Fast  My preference was Karachi and islamabad In my result it was written I'm selected for Karachi campus My question is if my aggregate meet the minimum for both campuses will they show that I'm selected in both or we have to contact them for preferred campus..
Need some info! I have applied for EE and also A&F in NU Islamabad. But result is showing status only for EE and not for A&F. Can someone explain this?
PLEASE GUIDE ME AM TOO TENSE  NU TEST CORRECT 67/97 MARKS ARE ALMOST 56.5 AND AGGREGATE IS 66.97  PLEASE BTA DAIN CS MAIN HNY KE KIA CHANCES HAIN🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁... isb campus
anyone have idea regarding BBA merit ?
Ms data Science k lea test kaisa tha???
MSCS mein 46 aggregate pe admission ho jaye ga?


Does anyone from 17' batch EE wants to migrate to Fsd campus?
I selected Lahore as preferred campus but can I also apply  in Islamabad campus to get admission?
It has been two weeks since I paid the MS SE admission test fees but it still hasn't been verified yet. If the test starts from 17 July it's kind of late right?
Well I missed the last date for admission in Islamabad campus any way I can apply now?
How is EE from fast islamabad?? As conpared to Air university and comsats?
 75% SCHOLARSHIPS FOR MASTER PROGRAM /Bachelors Programs (Istanbul – Turkey)Northern Cyprus  Apply through BGF Consultants. Scholarship is on tuition fees and it will be paid for whole master program in two or three equal installments.  You can go to European countries like Germany, Austria, Portugal, Belgium, Romania, Croatia, Spain, France, UK, and Netherlands through the ERASMAS program of University  *International Faculties  *Top rankings University’s  *Erasmus Program *Low tuitions Fee *Part time work allow *International internship  *Free Health insurance  *Work permit  *Cheap accommodation Bachelors Program:  1) Electronics and Computer Engineering 2) International Relations  3) Software Engineering 4) Architecture Engineering  5) Industrial and Systems Engineering 6) Mechatronics Engineering  7)  Civil Aviation  😎 MBA: Business Administration Banking 9) Mechanical Engineering 10) Fashion and textiles Design  11)  Business Administration  12) Political Science and International Relations 13) Cultural Studies 14) History 15) Civil Engineering  Master Courses: 1) Electronics and Computer Engineering 2) International Relations  3) Engineering Management 4) Structure Engineering   5) Industrial and Systems Engineering 6) Data Sciences 7) MBA: Business Islamic Finance and Economics 😎 MBA: Business Administration Banking 9) MBA: Business Finance 10) MBA: Business and Business Analysis 11) Master of Business Administration  12) Political Science and International Relations 13) Cultural Studies 14) History 15) Sociology etc.............. Eligibility criteria: a) Bachelors (four years) with minimum 60% marks or CGPA 2.0 b) No IELTS or TOEFL 1. BS/BA Degree (in English or Turkish) 2. BS/BA Transcript (in English or Turkish) 3. Letter of Intent/Motivation Letter 4. Photograph 5. Passport 6. Curriculum Vitae Send all documents to bgfconsulting786@gmail.com  bilal.06625@gmail.com MOB:   +923486624310 Whatsapp No: +923486624310 For Lahore office you will meet with Subhan Rana  Lahore Address : Office #604 Floor #6 Saddiq Center Lahore Faisalabad Address: First Floor, Dragon Mall, Satana  Road Chowk,  D-Ground, Faisalabad


Dreamers always end up with a successful future because they never stop imagining their successful future in numerous ways. Their progress depends upon how quic...kly they pivot their failures and how creative and positive they are. They never give up and make their teams better than themselves. They know how to build trust , create a family embarking their struggle for a common goal, and communicate a Clear Vision to ensure a remarkable success.  Let NYA make you encourage Self-Improvement for a better you , evolving into a bright future. We want you to delegate more  this summer than just work and National Youth Summer Camp is another step by us, purely dedicated to the youth of Pakistan who are ready to Embark and Empower! Get registered to the following link https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdM3FCyQpnlX0Ptk…/viewform…
 I'm raising funds for care foundation. Which is one of the most emerging institute. This institute adopt the government schools, where the structure of education completely destroyed. Care foundation educate poor students free of cost. They provide good quality of education. Initially they have only 250 students and now they have 275000 Student's which is only on due to funds. This is the great achievem...ent of care foundation.
Anyone who gave FAST BSCS entry test last year ? What was the weightage for physics, English, analytical and basic maths ? Is this a reliable source? http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OL…/ExamOutline/BS(CS-Engg).aspx Someone has claimed the test last year was NOT according to this pattern. Please verify.

Alsinah Education Consultants launches Fully Funded Scholarships for Master and PhD covering Tuition and Accommodation Waiver with Monthly Stipend of RMB 1,600 for Master and RMB 2,000 for PhD Documents Required To Apply: Scans of the following documents are required to apply: 1. Passport 2. Photograph... 3. Physical Examination Form  4. Police Character Certificate  5. High School Transcripts  6. Bachelor Degree and Transcript  7. Master Degree and Transcript (For PhD Applicants) 8. 2 Recommendation Letters from Professor or Associate Professor  9. Study Plan of at least 1,000 words 10. Personal Profile (Detailed CV) 11. Guarantors Letter and ID Card Majors Available: 1. Civil Engineering  2. Computer Science and Technology  3. Electrical Engineering  4. Mechanical Engineering  5. Information Communication Engineering  6. Chemical Engineering  7. Environmental Engineering  8. Industrial Engineering  9. Mining Engineering  10. Safety Engineering  11. Electronic Engineering and Technology  12. Material Science and Engineering  13. Biomedical Engineering  👉👉Deadline To Apply: July 31,2018 💯 3000$ 🔵For more detail ... WhatsApp  +92 3234710925 Face book page  ALSINAH EDUCATION  Office  OFFICE NUMBER. 41 ,4th FLOOR CM CENTER, 1-MOZANG LINK FARID KOT ROAD, LAHORE ALSINAH EDUCATION CONSULTANTS registered PAKISTAN
{Latest job's opportunities in Lahore }  #Note: Only interested&serious candidates Apply.  #You will informed about your interview soon After Your Application don't miss interview . Income/Salary Range part time : 15000-20000 + time duration (4) hours:10:00am to 2:00pm+2:00pm to 6:00pm... Full time : 25000- to30000 +time duration (8) hours : 10:00 am to 6:00 pm  (8hour's)&(4 hours) smart working not a hard work. Basic knowledge of computer and social media+Internet browsing, Facebook JOB timings ; Morning & Evening, Afternoon Shifts Apply Criteria:Send me your C.v. Write (SMS); Your Name, Qualification, age, location. Contact Email: asghar.aqsa90@gmail.com

 The ideal resource must have good english communication skills, must be willing to work in a 24/7*365 working environment, Must have a good understanding of Networking, Technical Support, Help Desk, Troubleshooting, VOiP related installations Required Experience : Fresh - 1 year CCNA/CCNP certified candidates will be given a preference. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Technical Support Engineer Level -1 in email subject) Note: This is work from home based Technical Support Help Desk job for 06 months. After 06 months the resource will be shifted to a permanent office role.
Internship in Islamabad for Graphic designers, video editors and web developers of JavaScript, NodeJS and AngularJS. http://bit.ly/AsasaJobs Share this with your friends and fellows as well . it's paid internship plus leading to a highly paid job.
FSC 85% NTS 71 marks (97.18 percentile) Are these good enough for admission in FAST Chiniot?  Please tell
Do Fast consider NTS marks only or percentile as well? I have 72 Marks with percentile 93% and in second attempt i scored 77 marks but percentile is 87%. On which one's base i should apply.Thanks your help.
 The Reign of Robots begins! SENTEC Presents Gesture Controlled Bot Competition! A new competition set ...to help you conquer new challenges! So, come along and see what you can do with an RC car and a simple module! Registration fees: 1500 Rs. and 4 members per team. Register Now: https://docs.google.com/…/1eunEFfDzo_wA5U357OTqQJsXuJ…/edit…
(Summer Camp 2018 at Air University Islamabad July, 2018) CPD is offering number of professional training workshops starting from 2nd July 2018. Limited seats a...re available so hurry up and register yourself. To register please visit:  https://portals.au.edu.pk/cpd/ For any queries inbox us or contact @ 051-2281178

Salam Anyone here who can guide me about NU test for MS CS?? And tell me if its a good option for MS CS....
SUMMER INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITY This is an internship opportunity for students who are off for the summer and would like to sharpen their writing skills by working on real projects in an office environment. As an intern for a digital marketing agency, you will get learn how to write and perfect copy for websites, brochures, presentations, and other marketing mediums. If interested, please apply by writing a few words in the comments section about why you think you'd be the perfect fit. Shortlisted candidates will be requested to continue the conversation via inbox.

Learn Business Analytics from the top industry professionals. Meet the instructors and speakers for our course "Business Analytics in Digital World" starting 27...th June.  Reserve your seat here: https://goo.gl/RPW4kg #decisionmaking #decisionmodeling #findingrightdata #contextualmarketing #digitizationandanalytics #handson
Job Title: Pre-sales Engineer (Information Security)  Products: Sophos (Distributors) and Barracuda (Distributors) Location: Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and Rawalpindi Qualification: BE/BSCS  Certifications: Sophos, Barracuda, Fortinet, Cisco, PFSense, Watchguard, Huawei or other relevant certifications... Apply By: July 15, 2018 We are looking for ‘Pre-sales Information Security Engineer’ to Work on Big Brands of IT industry; Sophos, Cyberoam, Barracuda, Kaspersky, WatchGuard, etc. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 2-6 years of hands-on experience on information security products and has worked for a distributor and/or systems integrator.  Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals.
 We are looking for ‘Sr. Accountant’ for our 'Karachi' office. Our ideal candidate would be having atleast 3 years of experience in the same capacity. Interested candidates may send their resumes at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals. Apply by July 9, 2018.
[Paid Trainee Internship Opportunity] We are looking for energetic and self motivated candidates as paid Trainee Engineer (should hold graduation in electronics/telecom or communication engineering from reputed university). Job opportunity is in BLE/Wireless interfacing with c++ programming of STM, AVR, PIC or Arduino MCUs Upon successful completion of program, selected trainee engineers will be offered a contractual job with performance based benefits.
OPERATIONS360 is looking for two Social Media & Digital Marketing Interns who will be responsible for assisting the Digital Marketing Manager in implementing Operations360 overall communications and marketing plan -- focusing specifically on digital communications -- to build awareness regarding upcoming workshops & training programs, and to increase attendance and ticket sales.
How to select more  than one campus in FAST online registration.
Why can't select Test Session? I'm unable to schedule my test. Plss Help

Fast Universty ma BS(CS) ka merit last year kitna tha?
Fast ma Nts ke base pa  Bs(CS) ma kitna admision hota ha. And fast ka test ke base pa kitna hota ha?
 • Min. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field • 2+ years’ web development experience • Strong knowledge of web development tools and programming languages • Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 • Solid understanding of jQuery, Bootstrap, Angular JS or similar • Hands on experience with MySQL or other RDBMS • Experience with web application security and secure coding practices • Working knowledge of SVN or Git • Payment gateway API integration • Web layout designing in photoshop/illustrator • PSD to Responsive HTML5/CSS3, Bootstrap • Ability to Develop Mobile optimized websites
{Latest job's opportunities in Lahore }  #Note: Only interested&serious candidates Apply.  #You will informed about your interview soon After Your Application don't miss interview . Income/Salary Range part time : 15000-20000 + time duration (4) hours:10:00am to 2:00pm+2:00pm to 6:00pm... Full time : 25000- to30000 +time duration (8) hours : 10:00 am to 6:00 pm  (8hour's)&(4 hours) smart working not a hard work. Basic knowledge of computer and social media+Internet browsing, Facebook JOB timings ; Morning & Evening, Afternoon Shifts Apply Criteria:Send me your C.v. Write (SMS); Your Name, Qualification, age, location. Contact Email: asghar.aqsa90@gmail.com
need guidance about MS SE admissions in Fast-NU Islamabad Campus, like students (graduates) of what CGPA average are mostly selected in MS SE.
 NUST is organizing a subsidized Microsoft Dynamics ERP Workshop to equip students and graduates with the skills that are highly demanded in the job market. Medium & Large Enterprises are rigorously looking for talent that can work on cloud-based intelligent business applications and hence it is time to get your hands on Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Next Generation - Cloud-based Intellige...nt Business Application). Dynamics 365 brings together the most popular features of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) andEnterprise Resource Planning (ERP) in a single solution that can be accessed from anywhere and anytime. You all are very aware about the digital revolution, and if you want to get edge in the job market, you need to learn how these business intelligent system works. Courses: 1. Intro to ERP (MS Dynamics 365 - Enterprise Edition) Duration: 4 Days Dates: 2-5 July, 2018 Fee: 5,000 2. ERP Specialization (MS Dynamics 365 - Enterprise Edition) Duration: 1 Month Starting from July 11, 2018 Fee: 25,000 Student Discount: 20% (only first 10 applicants)

Presenting a professional course on "BIG DATA"!
Presenting a Job-oriented course on "Data Warehouse & Business Intelligence" on weekends now! Starting from: 30th June'18
This one is the mother of all competitions. Participants will be put in a tournament to decide who’s playing eleven are worth their salt. This one will not be easy as everyone is expected to bring their best to the field. We expect a full day of volleys with a chance of extreme gaming ahead. Register yourself at:  https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
 Requirements: The Candidate must have: - Good verbal and written English communication skills ... - Manage employees delivering the client service, including their professional development  - Manage Floor - Have the ability to transition projects without losing the flow - Must have Global telesales experience. - 3+years of experience in managing teams in SSC/BPO environment Job Location: Bahria Town, Rawalpindi. Job Timings: 9:00 pm to 5:00 am (Night Shift) Salary: 50k-60k  Interested candidates can share their resumes to hr@relymer.com with the position mentioned in subject line.
Making a small robot that follows a line is as easy as it comes.  With over hundreds of methods to execute this, #SPEC18 is giving students a chance to show how... well you can actually do in the competition.  Presenting you guys the time-honoured Line Following Robot Challenge, comprising of three separate levels according to experience of students. It's where we will make your bots go through mazes and challenging pathways. The details of every separate level is explained below. It's time you test your skills this year with us. May the lines be in your favour, ever. The demo track with corresponding rules is coming up shortly. For registrations, go to  https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl…/viewform… #FightOfIntelligence #LustForAchievements #BattleOfTalent #StealYourChance #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics #MegaEvent
Dexterity win you games but teamwork and brilliance can win you championships. Lets' role, play with your friends and exhibit others what you can do when you sy...nergize. Here comes an opening for you guys to display your mastery in competitions that #SPEC18 is offering you. Registrations will be live from this Saturday so don't overlook this golden opportunity and become a part of this years' #MegaEvent SPEC'18. An event that promises to give back. #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
We on behalf of NED university Electronic Department feel privileged and esteemed to unveil the date and venue for the most incredible and exciting event in tow...n with high-end quality of academics and learning experience in the most affordable fees! Bigger and better than ever before.  So don't miss the chance and mark the date as #SpecIsBack  #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics Stay Tuned for more updates,  registrations will be live soon!
SPEC 2018 being the official event by NEDUET's Electronics Department is electrified to reveal our list of galvanizing competitions. We observe ourselves as an ...exciting platform for all genious geeks out there. With thrilling competitions, we aim to make learning and experience the prime objective of this event. Registrations will be live soon. Follow our Facebook page for further updates. #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
Skyscrapers Private Limited is looking for a WORDSMITH who's not afraid of a little SEO. • Driving brand awareness... • Educating the consumer • Nurturing existing relationships • Building trust and authenticity in our online and social communities, and contributing to the enjoyment of the activities we serve. • Blog posts • Articles • Web banners and ads • Email marketing, social media posts, product descriptions, landing page copy, video content (scripts) etc. • Internal communications • Job descriptions for marketing and eCommerce • Point of purchase displays (POP), packaging, sales copy, press releases Plus: Understanding and implementing SEO best practices.
Job Opportunity: Technical Sales Executive required. We are looking for highly motivated and experienced females for the position of technical sales executive. At Relymer, we focus on several trending and emerging fields with Software Development as our core activity. You will be our main medium of communication with our clients regarding our products and services such as Software Development, Marketing, Branding, Website and Content Creation, Design, Mobile App Development, ...Block-chain Applications & other Digital Solutions. Candidates with proven prior experience in Product Marketing and Sales will be preferred. Good English, both written and spoken, is a key requirement for this position.


 To apply, send your resume to jobs@knowledgeplatform.com
Urgently hiring #NODE #JS #Developer for our #Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies PVT LTD The ideal candidate must have 3-4 years of experience in #NODE #JS development, strong coding background and JavaScript Experience of working on High Availability Groups and Tracking Platforms will be given higher preference

Any one from CS or computer department need help

{Latest job's opportunities in Lahore }  #Note: Only interested&serious candidates Apply.  #You will informed about your interview soon After Your Application don't miss interview . Income/Salary Range part time : 15000-20000 + time duration (4) hours:10:00am to 2:00pm+2:00pm to 6:00pm... Full time : 25000- to30000 +time duration (8) hours : 10:00 am to 6:00 pm  (8hour's)&(4 hours) smart working not a hard work. Basic knowledge of computer and social media+Internet browsing, Facebook JOB timings ; Morning & Evening, Afternoon Shifts Apply Criteria:Send me your C.v. Write (SMS); Your Name, Qualification, age, location. Contact Email: asghar.aqsa90@gmail.com
 Age 18-30 Salary 15k to 17k Timing 12 hours ... Day / Night Shifts  Contact 0334-4020651 Alhafeez Shopping Mall Gul berg III Lahore.
 MBA/MPA/BBA Fresh or Experienced both can apply Male / Females equal opportunity... 10 Seats Morning/Evening/Night Shifts Salary Range 40k-60k Drop your CV’s (hr@ipscloud.co) Address: Al-hafeez Shopping Mall Opp Hafeez Centre, Gulberg-III, Lahore.
Paid Internship Program : (Only for Rawalpindi / ISL ) Are you a Graduate ready to kick start your career in Wordpress Development? Keen to learn even more tech...nologies and put them to use? 
Paid Internship Program : (Only for Rawalpindi / ISL ) Are you a Graduate ready to kick start your career in Wordpress Development? Keen to learn even more tech...nologies and put them to use? 
 Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.
 Job Brief Experienced academic writers are required for academic essays and dissertations. Must have knowledge of APA and MLA Referencing Style. Must be able to write flawlessly with accurate sentence structure, grammar, and spellings. We have a strict policy for plagiarism.
 a). Understanding of Google Apps (Docs, spreadsheet etc), Google Adwords & Analytics, Social Media Portals (FB, Twitter, LinkedIn) etc), and Adobe Photoshop. b). Be able to generate ideas and content (graphics, text copy, blog posts, calendar, analytic reports) for social media channels including Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter & Google+ c). Be able to analyze and generate social media analytical reports d). Have ability to understand and explore the working of the product/service completely in short time. e). Be able to actively and responsibly generate ideas for marketing and business development of the product. For more information visit: www.aurorasolutions.io Only shortlisted candidates shall be contacted.
For admission in Ms in NU do I have to give NAT or GAT?
SEO Internees for Software House: Qualification:  Minimum Graduation. Experience:  Fresh Salary:  5,000 to 10,000 Stipend per Month.... Duty Hours: 3pm to 12am, 6pm to 3am Gender: Male/Female only Email: Drop your updated CV on (naeem.altaf@ipscloud.co). (sohail.shabbir@p3care.com)  Mention position in subject line.  Address: Office # 405, Al-hafeez Shopping Mall Opp Hafeez Centre, Gulberg-III, Lahore.
Aslam o Alikum  We need ambassadors from CS & Computer department for our biggest contest of COMPEC  held every year in NUST University of   electrical and mechanical  engineering  ●  Should be responsible ●  Experienced ●  Final year CS student will be preferred  ... ●  Male $ female both are eligible  ●  Every CS student can apply

 Please share your resumes at obaidkarim92@yahoo.com
 Requirements: • Creative flair, originality and a strong visual sense • Strong computer skills • Confidence, to present and explain ideas to clients and colleagues • Interest in graphics and typography. Only candidates with excellent creative skills should apply with resume and portfolio. Email: yusra_urooj@skyscrapersnow.com
 Requirements: • Creative flair, originality and a strong visual sense • Strong computer skills • Confidence, to present and explain ideas to clients and colleagues • Interest in graphics and typography. Only candidates with excellent creative skills should apply with resume and portfolio. Email: yusra_urooj@skyscrapersnow.com
Required female CSR  TIMING  MORNING ... GENDAR MALE/ FEMALES MINIMUM GRADUATE  GOOD SPOKEN ENGLISH & URDU SALARY 15K TO 25K SEND RESUMES ON  SOHAIL.SHABBIR@P3CARE.COM


TechJuice is Pakistan’s leading technology media platform, dedicated to profiling and promoting Pakistani startups and entrepreneurs, cryptocurrency, it also re...views new emerging gadgets, lists latest mobile prices in Pakistan, and breaking technology news. Founded in 2014, TechJuice quickly became a go to place for techies, geeks, businessmen, start-up founders and venture capitalists in Pakistan and abroad. We are ecstatic to announce Techjuice as our official media partner!
Team Developer's Day is proud to have TEXT on board with us, to share this exciting journey and pitch in to bridge the gap between academics and the job industry.  #TextDevelopersDay2018 #RedefiningPerspectives
Where does 40 years of business technology expertise get you? Systems Limited, that’s where. Systems Limited is a global leader of next-generation IT services a...nd BPO solutions. Ever since its inception the company has evolved and taken center stage in information and technology by providing computing strategies and solutions to Government and Private Organizations. Combining innovation and putting data to work is what these guys go on about. May it be pharmaceutical, your banking needs or everyday consumer goods their list of clients just keeps on going and here we open heartedly welcome Systems Limited as our technology partner. For registrations and further details, visit http://devday.khi.nu.edu.pk/ Follow us on Instagram at https://www.instagram.com/p/Bg_WBVUgUEI/ Follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DevDayFAST/status/980085390349651968 #TextDevelopersDay2018 #RedefiningPerspectives
Glowfish labs is urgently looking for a PHP developer having 3 or more years of experience in PHP development. Experience with frameworks especially CodeIgniter (and laravel) and restful API development would hold importance. Interested candidates may send their resumes at amna@glowfishlabs.com
Join us for IOSH Managing Safely on 06th April at MOST SERVICES PVT LTD. Fee : Rs.15,000 Contact @ +92336-5555628/627 | Islamabad |I-8 Markaz.
Urgently hiring iOS Developer for Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal candidate must possess 3-4 years of relevant experience in iOS, OS X Development, SWIFT, RESTful APIs, UI Design
Part time and full time jobs for both girls and boys for university students minimum education fsc and good listening and speaking skills  Salary packages from 18k to 45k depending upon your performance willing one inbox me   HR Touch stone american solars and security system  thankx
Rockville Technologies Islamabad is urgently hiring iOS Developer in Islamabad. The ideal candidate must possess 04-05 years of relevant experience in iOS, OS X Development, SWIFT, RESTful APIs, UI Design
 Register now at: www.ibaprobattle.com.pk Are you ready to rumble?
 • Should know about android application integration with Facebook, Google+, twitter and other social media platforms... • Candidate must have worked with REST API • Candidate must know how to work with android local database • Candidate must have worked with different payment model including Braintree and stripe • Good OOP and data structure skills • Good database skills Job Details • Industry: Information Technology • Job Shift: First Shift (Day) • Job Type: Full Time/Permanent • Job Location: Rawalpindi Pakistan • Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Computer Science • Career Level: Experienced Professional/ Intern Freshly graduates are encouraged to apply Interested candidates forward your CV@ hrdepartment.3bz@gmail.com

 https://www.facebook.com/events/422039201582380/?ti=cl
 Qualification: BSCS / BSIT / BSSE... Experience: 8 months-1 year Location: Islamabad Job Timings: 9am-6pm Gender: Any Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.
 Interested candidates can apply at lubna.akbar@zones.com For company details, visit www.zones.com
#Jobs_In_Islamabad #Content_Writer_SEO We are looking to hire Content Writer(SEO)!!! Qualification: BSCS / BBA(Marketing)... Experience: Fresh(Candidates must be from NUST,FAST,GIKI & UET,Bahria & Comsats) Location: Islamabad Job Timings: 9am-6pm Gender: Any Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.
 Interested candidates can apply at lubna.akbar@zones.com For company details, visit www.zones.com

 Don't forget to mention position in subject which you are applying for! Location: Near Comsats University Islamabad  Apply before 10th March 2018

Hi everyone  Will someone plz tell the elective subjects list of the BS ELECTRICAL program at fast islamabad? And i wana ask if fast is better, or comsats, or uet taxila? I will be waiting for you guyz 😊 Tnx
The moment has come for which you all have been waiting for! Ambassador’s call for the most anticipated event of Society of Photonics Instrumentation and Engine...ering SPIE GIK Chapter has started. Don’t miss out on opportunity of your life time and apply now to become Ambassador of NECOO’18.  Click here to register. https://drive.google.com/open… In case of any query don’t hesitate to contact us for further details. HAMZA ALEEM: 0322-5016234 OMAR AZIZ: 0303-8175072
#Jobs_In_Islamabad #Content_Writer_SEO We are looking to hire Content Writer(SEO)!!! Qualification: BSCS / BBA(Marketing)... Experience: Fresh(Candidates must be from NUST,FAST,GIKI ,UET,Bahria & Comsats) Location: Islamabad Job Timings: 9am-6pm Gender: Any Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.

Become Network Security Specialist/Engineer  by attending CCNA Security Class from Mr. Ahmed Saeed Cisco Authorized Security Instructor.  Join CISCO Academy program CCNA (Security) get Cisco official training  certificate with 50%discount voucher on CCNA Security  online exam by Cisco. Course will conduct at Cisco Academy with Cisco authorized trainer. Class is starting from 4th March 2018. The core features of this class include:... 1. Best Cisco Lab in the town.  3X2851 Routers, 2X1841 Routers, 2X3560 Switches,2X2960-S Switches,2X2950 Switches, ASA 5510,2X ASA5506X with Firepower and ASA 5525-X Firewalls  2. Both theory and labs will be conducted by Sir Ahmed Saeed.(Cisco Academy Authorized Trainer)  3. Official Cisco curriculum covering all exam topics  4. Career counseling and JOB Placements  5. Exam preparation  6. Course books and Lab Manuals  7. Only fifteen (15) seats available to deliver quality contents Training Pre-requisite: Nil  Class Duration : 3 Months  Class Starting Date: 4th March  2018  Days and timings: SAT and SUN 4:00PM to 6:00pm  Location : PECHS Block 6 Commercial Area  Course fees : 13,000PKR  Please enrolled yourself for the session as limited seats available. For enrollments please call at 0336-2540748 Join My Cisco Center Group at Facebook i.e. The largest Network Engineers Facebook group in Pakistan.
#Jobs_In_Islamabad #Content_Writer_SEO We are looking to hire Content Writer(SEO)!!! Qualification: BSCS / BBA(Marketing)... Experience: Fresh(Candidates from NUST,FAST,GIKI & UET will be preferred) Location: Islamabad Job Timings: 9am-6pm Gender: Any Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.

 We’re looking for:  * Graphic Design interns * Web/App Developing interns... * Content writers * Social media marketing and SEO interns (intermediate level) Email your CV’s and portfolios at sehrish@ideasred.com, subject being the position you’re applying for. 

We are a food start-up, looking for someone to support us remotely on IOS / Android updates, enhancements, building new features to our existing apps.  • Strong knowledge of Android SDK, different versions of Android, and how to deal with different screen sizes • Good understanding of Java, XML and SQLite databases     • Good in IOS native development.... • Familiarity with restful APIs to connect Android applications to back-end services • Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices • Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning • Knowledge of the open-source Android ecosystem and the libraries available for common tasks • Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements • Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications • Understanding of Google’s Android design principles and interface guidelines • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git • Familiarity with continuous integration • Able to meet deadlines. • Demonstrates excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work independently as well as ability to collaborate with remote teams
 Package includes : 1.Accommodation 2.Food Allowance... 3.Transport Allowance 4. Opportunity to join Saudi team after probation including a fast salary increment

 Mark the date guys, 10th March. FAST NUCES Lahore.

Registrations details for the events of EOL this year. Hurry up and register yourself at www.emeolympiad.com For more details, contact Affan Ul Haq 0324 3285514
Agr ap admission k criteria main lie nahi karte tu admission ka koi tareeka hai
Experts Visions needs following persons: Front-end developer (1-3 years) Php Developer(1-3 years) Please apply here: http://eveati.com/jobs/ Apply before 31 January 2018.
 Ideal candidate should have great problem solving, communication and tasks management skills. 
Looking for students from Civil Engineering background for some paid online tasks relevant to different subjects of civil engineering. Interested ones please inbox me. Thanks.
Finally the wait is over..Registrations are open. Don't miss the chance to witness one of the biggest event of twin cities.
Experts Visions needs following persons: Front-end developer (1-3 years) Php Developer(1-3 years) Please apply here: http://eveati.com/jobs/ Apply before 31 January 2018.


Registrations for MediaFest'18 are now open. Reserve your slot before it's too late! Register Now at register.mediaclubgiki.com Event Page: https://goo.gl/nxqyus Liaison Package: https://goo.gl/rwXB5d #Mediafest18

 To be a part of the 19th All Pakistan Science Fair please fill the form and register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdYu5xrpbNnVojzG…/viewform…
Fast university ka BSCS ka test kasa ata hai or aus ki tyari kahan ki ki jaye kn si books se?
Procom 2018 serves as the pride of FAST NUCES with awe-inspiring credibility.  Hence, it is with utter enthusiasm that we announce Techlogix as our sponsor for ...the 20th iteration of Procom. Techlogix is an IT consulting and business solutions company that holds an impressive global clientèle and reputation. We are thrilled to have them on board with us and plan to make this collaboration worthwhile.

I've been selected in CS of FAST peshawar campus..although i just applied in CS of FAST islmbd campus.Kindly tell me what's the possibility of tranfering my admission to islmbd campus as i live in pindi
Hi Fastians, I belong to Fast-Nu Karachi campus. We are once again proud to announce the dates of the biggest and the most awaited event of Pakistan that brings knowledge, skills and opportunities to all the trimmers out there. Yes, PROCOM is here! This mega event is taking place on the 21st and the 22nd of March in the well known University FAST. We have been successful for 20 years straight into building up characters, strengths and polishing academic and non academic talen...ts. This event will carry out tasks and competitions related to three different fields (Computer science, BBA and Electrical Engineering) And many other general competitions for entertainment too.   Not just competitions, there is so much more. Participants or observers can attend seminars of the well known speakers and sponsors. There are job opportunities for all the job seeking students in the biggest job fair that's also a part of this fascinating event.  PROCOM has always been helpful and successful into making all the observers confident on what they want and what they should work for. With your strength and passion, you may also be a successful part of PROCOM. If you haven't yet explored yourself and the skill you hold, tag along!  The promotions has started in all the universities of Pakistan. Stay tuned for more details and information and don't miss out this biggest opportunity that's waiting at your doorstep. For more details, visit our page : Procom.Net :)
Android/iOS developers directly apply on this link : http://eveati.com/jobs/ios-developer/

We are looking for interns for our startup at NIC LAHORE(Basement SSE LUMS). *Paid Internship* Location: LUMS Send your C.v's at info@foriedu.com
EME Olympiad is returning with a myriad of fun-filled activities. We have Sound Slosh, Concert, Sport and Technical events. YOU NAME IT, WE HAVE IT!
Hurry up! Only 2 Days left before our ambassador call comes to an end. Don't miss the opportunity to be a part of the 19th All Pakistan Science fair. Benefits o...f being an ambassador: Free registration Free merchandise Free accommodation Free Transport Free Social Events Passes Ambassador Certificate Best Ambassador trophy (awarded to the best ambassador) https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdxGzS1fHAxUMgLcw…/viewform Ambassador package:
For our call center near Thoker Niaz Baig, Lahore, we are on the hunt of some fresh resources with good caliber. Candidates must have excellent Spoken English, with little to no accent, and have the ability to handle harsh/tough customers politely, diligently and diplomatically. Qualification: A Levels/FSC - Masters Base Salary: PRK25,000 Additional Perks: Handsome commission & lucrative bonuses... Shift: 8pm to 5am, Monday to Friday Starts: Immediately The candidates will be working as financial recovery executive, collecting overdue debts from American consumers.

Become an Oracle Apps Functional Consultant and be in demand. Stamp Oracle skills through Oracle USA Certification exam to become a part of one of the most powerful & renowned ERP systems in the world. Learn from Oracle Implementation Consultants. Online Training Facility is available. Call 0322-4225516 or email at info@rexglobalconsultants.com.
Freelance work opportunity for Master and PhD students! Well paid work that can be done remotely. Looking for academic writers with technical knowledge in either economics (finance, business, accounting etc), social studies (linguistics, history, law, development etc.),  or general (arts, fashion, sports etc). Please email Sarahadams.admas@gmail.com with a copy of your resume. Selected candidates will be invited for a paid trial round.  -please email directly to Sarahadams.admas@gmail.com

Anyone plzz Cnfrm Is This university offering the Course of M.A English? ??
Finally! ACM-GIKI CHAPTER brings back the most awaited event of the year, 18th SOFTCOM this 23rd-25th February! Want to be an ambassador? Now's the chance to av...ail this amazing opportunity.  Here is the link to the Ambassador Registration Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfyYbNvTbgwnm0swW…/viewform Don't miss out on your chance to take part in the largest technical event of the country.
 Candidate should be skilled in Candidate must understand concepts of cloud computing, preferably with Amazon’s AWS. Javascript Ability to take written directions in English Candidates with experience in Laravel will be preferred
Accounting Expert needed. It's a paid task. Check the file, if you can do it, come to inbox. Thanks
Hello guys give me advice please i have intest in computers and more knowledge in it. But every body is saying go to civil engineering  it has scope. And they say that softwere engineering or information technology is not good at pakistan .and there is no prectical  work. They teach old softwers . You will ruin your life please tell me. I want to go in softwere engineering or information technology.
Techtronix Corp. is a technical office of INVITEMANAGER and is looking for multiple resources for their Technical support and operations team having experience from 1 to 3 years. Fresh grads with exceptional programming skills can also apply Skills required: - Good programming and logic building skills. - Good communication and analytical skills... - Strong RDBMS concepts and SQL development skills (Highly Preferred) - Team Player Interested candidates can send their resume to arslan.choudhary@techtronix.biz
Pakistan International Airlines PIA Latest Jobs 2017 in ICT Department Job Details: https://goo.gl/tfNqNn
Undergraduate Programs Admissions are Open In Quaid E Azam International University Islamabad 2017 Details: https://goo.gl/t9kZNa


Software Quality Analyst is required in Bentley Systems
Latest TEVTA Jobs 2017 for Govt Institute of Leather Technology Gujranwala https://goo.gl/99e45L
University of Lahore Latest Jobs 2017 Pakpattan Campus for Teaching Faculty and Admin Staff https://goo.gl/HkEKBm


National Logistics Cell Jobs 2017 for Karachi and Rawalpindi Jobs Details: https://goo.gl/G7Y814

Job Title: Assistant Manager Sales Industry: IT (Hardware/Software) Location: Karachi Qualification: BBA/BE We are looking for ‘Assistant Manager Sales’. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 4 years of experience in B2B IT Sales and/or Business Development in the market of Pakistan. Apply by Oct 20, 2017. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals. Check complete job details at 
Job Title: Assistant Manager Sales Industry: IT (Hardware/Software) Location: Karachi Qualification: BBA/BE We are looking for ‘Assistant Manager Sales’. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 4 years of experience in B2B IT Sales and/or Business Development in the market of Pakistan. Apply by Oct 20, 2017.... Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals. Check complete job details at 
Job Title: Assistant Manager Sales Industry: IT (Hardware/Software) Location: Karachi Qualification: BBA/BE We are looking for ‘Assistant Manager Sales’. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 4 years of experience in B2B IT Sales and/or Business Development in the market of Pakistan. Apply by Oct 20, 2017.... Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals. Check complete job details at 
 We are looking for ‘Network Engineer’ for IT products. Our ideal candidate would be an engineer having CCNA/CCNP certification with complete knowledge of Networking. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional. Apply by 15th November 2017. Check Job Description http://www.softechms.com/careers/network-engineer/
Systems Ltd. is hiring "Business Development Executives" for US Market. If you have good command on English language and are looking for a career oriented job, please send us your resume at eric.samuel@visionetsystems.com

Final List of selected Ambassadors. Biggest Technical Olympiad of Pakistan 8th-10th December,2017 #AirTech17



Winter is coming and so is one of the most important robotics event of the year. This year marks the 10th anniversary of NEO and is going to be way bigger than ever.  The ambassador call for NEO'18 has started. So get yourself registered!! Ambassador gets a free entry if he/she brings 15 participants. The best ambassador will get "Best Ambassador Award" and certificate. Follow this link to fill the form to get registred for NEO'18:... https://goo.gl/forms/bsPccOMaaSsA5nKm2
Alert for Internship and Job Opportunities Zones PK (Private) Limited, a leading USA based IT company is looking for following positions in our Islamabad office. For Internship (Day Time) Ideal candidate must have bachelor’s degree with good English communication skills, knowledge of ERP system will be a plus. Internship duration will be of 03 Months along with Stipend of PKR 15,000/month For Job (Night Shift)... Purchasing Operations Department Ideal candidate must possesses minimum bachelor’s degree. Excellent English communication skills, Good command on MS Excel and ERP system is required. Good knowledge of Procurement Cycle & E-Procurement is must. These positions are Night Shift based, timings are (9PM-6AM) Excellent salary package along with other attractive benefits will be offered to selected candidates.  Please spread the word and relevant profiles may apply at Lubna.akbar@zones.com For company details please visit our website www.zones.com

Experts Vision (www.eveati.com) needs persons having excelling programming skills in Python or C#. Requirements: Bachelor or Master degree in Engineering/CS having 1-3 years of experience in any of these fields: Image and video processing... Internet of Things Machine learning and Artificial Intelligence Data science and big data Market competitive salary Opportunities to attend different field related seminars/workshops Research Publications  Send your updated CVs at expertsvision@live.com Freshers can also send their CVs for paid internship if they have excellent programming and analytical skills.  Location: Near Comsats University Chak Shezad, Islamabad, Pakistan
AARZ.PK is looking for  an “SEO Specialist”. The SEO Specialist will be responsible for implementing SEO and social media strategies for clients.  Key Functiona...l Areas of Responsibility • Perform keyword research in coordination with client business objectives to optimize existing content and uncover new opportunities.  • Provide SEO analysis and recommendations in coordination with elements and structure of websites and web pages • Provide recommendations and execute strategies for content development in coordination with SEO goals – general and keyword specific.  • Administer search engine programs (XML sitemaps, shopping feeds, webmaster tools) for purposes of diagnostic reporting on client projects • Help to create and support marketing content to socialize and use for social media purposes (e.g. customer videos briefs, customer case studies, blog posts, posts from analysts and customers) • Implement link building campaigns in coordination with client SEO goals • Assist in development and execution of communication/content strategies via social communities in coordination with SEO goals • Keep pace with SEO, search engine, social media and internet marketing industry trends and developments • Research and administer social media tools in support of clients’ social media strategy • Monitor and administer web analytics dashboards, reports and key reporting tools, and point out key areas of importance in accordance client goals • Monitor and evaluate search results and search performance across the major search channels • Communication to team and management on project development, timelines, and results • Work closely with the other team members to meet client goals Professional Competencies • Passion for SEO and internet marketing • Outstanding ability to think creatively, and identify and resolve problems • Attention to detail and the ability to effectively multi-task in a deadline driven atmosphere • Ability to clearly and effectively articulate thoughts and points • High levels of integrity, autonomy, and self-motivation • Excellent analytical, organizational, project management and time management skills Professional Skills & Qualifications • 2-3 years’ experience in Search Engine Marketing (SEM) and Search Engine Optimization (SEO) • Proficiency in MS Excel, PowerPoint, and Word • Experience with website analysis using a variety of analytics tools including Google Analytics as well as internal reporting tool • Experience working with popular keyword tools (Google, WordTracker, Keyword Discovery, etc) • Experience working with CMS and building/administering content in CMS environments • Desired: Knowledge of HTML/CSS and website administrations • BS/BA degree preferred

She's here, are you?  IET GIKI Chapter presents the biggest concert of the year at GIKI.  Register now to be the part of the event.  Due to overwhelming respons...e of the participants we have decided to extend our deadline. Registration deadline: 1st of December. School registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSc1Ku1jTBiLEg3bKI…/viewform University registration : https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdGjhNSyPHqH--25_…/viewform
 FAST-NUCES National University of Sciences and Technology Pakistan -NUST LUMS IBA - Institute of Business Administration PAF-KIET NED University OF Engineering and Tech. Karachi KuDcs-Ubit-Official Sir Syed University Of Engineering And Technology (SSUET) Ghulam Ishaq Khan Institute of Engineering Sciences and Technology - GIKI Comsats Institute of Information Technology-Official SZABIST Institute of Business Management DHA Suffa University (Official) Iqra University - IU Bahria University - Official University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore

Real estate developer requires an individual with a 3 year diploma, DAE Electrical in lahore. He has to manage all the staff, generators, cctv, escalators, lifts, fire alarm system and hydrants. Good salary will be given. Relevant experienced persons will be preferred. Drop your CVs at "jobs.galleria1@gmail.com"
Real estate developer requires an individual with a 3 year diploma, DAE Electrical or BS Electrical Engineering in lahore. He has to manage all the staff, generators, cctv, escalators, lifts, fire alarm system and hydrants. Good salary will be given. Relevant experienced persons will be preferred. Drop your CVs at "jobs.galleria1@gmail.com"
Techlets is a data science firm with a SaaS product for brands to help them tap into the pulse of digital spectrum and supplement it with their data for better ...decision-making. Techlets allows a brand to track all their digital, social and ground data into a consolidated platform: social media (Facebook, Twitter etc.), web analytics, email campaigns, app analytics, ground surveys more. Brands can use the platform to also track their campaigns, competitors, monitor market and product trends, and measure share of voice. We are seeking a qualified candidate to join Techlets as a Full Stack Developer to work closely with design and backend engineering teams to create secure applications. You will use a clean, modular approach reflected in the design/template/layout you create, and ensure continuous integration with the main systems. Key Responsibilities -Ensure timely deployment/deliverables. -Be curious, collaborative and self-motivated. -Be prepared to learn fast and be comfortable with venturing into the unknown as we work on cutting-edge deliverables -Help prototype future interfaces and work closely with product and design teams. Role Qualifications -Fresh to 1 Year experience creating web applications using backend and frontend technologies like PHP, NodeJs, AngularJS, ES6 -Know your way around common web technologies like HTML5, CSS (LESS/SASS) -Experienced with JavaScript package managers such as Npm, Bower -Worked with build automation such as Grunt, Gulp, etc -Must know how to use rebase, merge and fork in Git -Good understanding of how an agile team uses SCRUM, Kanban or similar methodologies. Use this form to apply : https://goo.gl/forms/gq72Wz7nWmS6R8032
 We are looking to hire some talented folks wandering around the town to join the most friendly and hard working team in the town, TxLabz. This job post is for multiple positions so while applying please mention the job title in the email subject.  Brief: We are looking for a Front-end Web Developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. 
 # 2. Deep expertise and hands on experience with Web Applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's.   # 8. Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them. # 9. Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to web applications 
Our company (Experts Vision) needs persons to join  us on project basis. You will get permanent work based on your expertise. You must be in Rawalpindi/ Islamabad so we could do project meetings in our office located besides Comsats University, Chakshezad Islamabad. You must have solid experience in which you will apply because we will take detailed interview and test.  You can also work in our office and in case you want to work from home you should have stable internet conn...ection in home and also you should be available for meetings at our office. We need persons in following fields: Unity 3D  Android and IOS Asp.net and C# Python (Machine learning, data mining, deep learning) Matlab (Image processing, Machine Learning, Digital Communication, Signal Processing) IOT (arduino and Rasberry PI) Solidworks Please send your detailed CVs/ Portfolio at expertsvision@live.com and mention the tools you are applying for in the subject.  Please only apply if you have more than 3 years of experience in above mentioned tools after completion of studies!!
Institute of Training, Development & Research (ITDR): School/College Jobs available: 1) Montessori..Female Teacher..9th.10th.Computer...School...Female Teacher...Kaller Sayedan...Free Accomodation..Free Pick and Drop.. 2) 9th 10th..Bio.Phy.Chemistry...Male Teacher..Kaller Syedan...Free Accomodation..Free Pick and Drop... 3) 9th.10th.FA/FSc...English...College..Kallar Kahar..Free Accomodation..... Contact: 0332-2750381, 0300-2750381, 0313-2750381

Following Vacancies For Islamabad office:


SimpliCity Labs NUST Islamabad are looking to hire interns Paid Internship Leading to job
Required Angularjs 2 Developer for Software industry, with expert knowledge of jQuery, HTML5 & Bootstrap CSS. Open for all Nationalities. Candidate must have 2 years of experience and completed 3 successful projects.Salary SAR 14K-18K. Location Riyadh, KSA. Email us: info@worldhiring.com

VTB is offering internships in following fields

Federal Public Service Commission Latest Jobs August 2017 Advertisement No 8/2017 https://goo.gl/G3G6kw
State Bank of Pakistan SBP Latest Jobs 2017 for OG-1 Officers 8th Batch https://goo.gl/iHfiHL
Bank of Punjab BOP Latest Jobs 2017 https://goo.gl/r9xBg3

SCHOLARSHIP FOR THE PAKISTANI STUDENTS FOR ADMISSION IN THE MOROCCAN PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS 2017-18 https://goo.gl/DmtGLs

JOB ALERT ⚠ Vacancies Opened 2017# #A SECP Recognized Fast Growing International USA based Company Hiring professional staff. Limited Applications last date 15 August.  Apply Now Read Carefully(only for Lahore) ... SMS Your CV: 0310-4980198/what's app. Male/Female, Staff Required For the Following Office & Home Based Duties #Education & Trainings....! 10Vacancies  Qualification Required: O/A levels graduates, Master's  Duties: Regular Trainings,  IT Courses, Skill Teaching,motivation  lecture's #Interested Candidate send their short CV .....!  Write SMS:Your Name, Qualification, , Age, current location Email, skills &  Send to 0310-4980198 /What's app.

Softech Microsystems are looking for 'Manager Sales', 'Network Engineers' and 'Systems Engineers' for below positions: 1- Manager Sales (4 years  experience of IT B2B Sales) 2- Sales Executive (2 years experience of B2B sales) 3- Lead Generation Specialist (Females with 2 years of sales experience)... 4- Network Engineer (CCNP Certified with 2 years of experience) 5- Trainee Network Engineer (CCNA Certified) 6- Systems Engineer (Microsoft or Linux Certified with 2 years of experience) 7- Systems Engineer (Microsoft or Linux Certified) Apply at 'http://www.softechms.com/careers/' or Send your resume at jobs@sotechms.com
Jobs Available in one of Polish Top Bank (Poland, Euorpe). Candidate should have deep knowledge of C++ programming and atleast 1 year of experience. Salary 2000 - 5000 Euros No restriction of Gender. For more info inbox me.
FIRST semester of CS books(basic electronics and introduction to computing) in pdf plz... or suggest which one to dowload from web.  thanks.
When will the classes of Bs EE/CS will start in session 2017

FIRST semester of CS books(basic electronics and introduction to computing) in pdf plz... or suggest which one to dowload from web.  thanks.
What are MS admissions schedule #Fall_Semester

I have been selected in Fast islamabad . Now can i send all my documents fully completed with DD  or is it really necessary for me to visit now . if i do not visit now , will it cause admission problems . I am from hyd and its damn difficult to go to isb campus just for verification ... Help needed seniors .
FAST islamabad hostels can i get any information
FAST NU Islamabad ki fees structure kos bata skta hey. first semester : each semester : per anum : total 4 year...  plz


how to check a fast result😌😌😌
Swap needed. If Anyone want to swap from FAST Lahore campus to Islamabad campus. Kindky Contact me. 03414538838 03245486621 musabbilalsatti@gmail.com I want to transfer my admission from Islamabad to Lahore.... MSCS Program.

for bscs fast islamabad or comsats lahore or itu. which one is best.Can we transfer after one semester from one campus to other in fast. need advice
  If you are a:  - SEO/SEM   - Web Developer...  - Marketing Strategist   - Admin  - Intern
fast karachi and Islamabad   per semesters fees ??  and please guide me  step by step after test and after merit  list  what to do next and how to do ? plz

Career Pakistan (CP) is looking for candidates for the position of Backend Engineer at a Multinational Company. Salary:  PKR​ 80K to 200K -- ​ ​ may vary depending upon candidate's profile Essential Requirements (by Career Pakistan): Sector and Company Type: Experience in large Software Development Company Function: -- Experience of writing software codes Preferred: --​ ​ Experience with distributed systems engineering and frameworks such as Akka or Elixir -- Experience on large scale big data technologies such as HBase and Spark (both in Java and Scala) [Please note: If you have such experience, please explain it in your CV] Years of Experience: Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience Note: -- While sending CV, please mention your current/last monthly salary​.​
Punjab Information Technology Board PITB Jobs 2017 https://goo.gl/8Fpj8G
Dear all, Last chance to apply for admission in the master program with specialization in Advanced Electronics. Hurry up and become the part of the most funded Advanced Electronics specific grant in Pakistan.  Regards

Telenor Job opening Android developer Experience: minimum one year to 3 years Mail to : junaidatique@gmail.com
Fast uni k test k liye kis tarah ki tayari karni chahiye????

Prime Minister National ICT  Internship Program for IT Students 2017 Apply Online https://goo.gl/SyLV87








Frnd plz help me,Fast ke last date 7 july hai mgr aaj mtlb 6 july  py form fill kiya to us k challan py likha tha due date 6 july.plz guide mn ab kya krun kya meri suba means 7th july  py fees submit ho sakte hai?




NESTLE Jobs in Pakistan for Nutrition Specialists and Assistant Medical Advisors 2017
VTB is hiring Candidates for different vacancies 2017
Our Next batch of "Enterprise Datawarehouse Ecosystem" course is starting from 10th July, 2017. For further details and registration please click here: https://goo.gl/RYYFBZ. Call us on 051-8356066 or Contact us via email at: info@diceanalytics.pk
Is there anyone who is doing MSCS from Fast??? Need some information regarding admission test. On website test pattern for MSCS is following. 10% Essay Writing. 15% Analytical and IQ. 75% Specialization area.
How much marks should I have in fast nu test to get admission in electrical engineering in islamabad  I have 829 Matric and 398 in fsc part 1?
Asalamu-alaikum..  I want to do MS in Software Engineering from Fast University, can anyone please help me that what type of test Fast university have for MS students? is there any guide with anyone to share ..? thanks!

Anyone who has done MS CS from FAST? Want to ask few questions about the program...
JOB OPPORTUNITIES IN PAEC FOR DIPLOMA HOLDERS AND SCIENCE GRADUATES TRAINING TO BE HELD AT KINPOE KARACHI AND CHASCENT MIANWALI https://goo.gl/BgjKDp
HEC Science Talent Farming Scheme Scholarship For Matric And Intermediate Students Advertisement Latest Outstanding Opportunity for Inter and Matric Students of Pakistan

FAST ka MBA non-BBA wlo k lie hai kya?
***VTB is hiring for following positions*** 1-Sr. Java Developer [Java EE, Spring & Hibernate experience of 4+ years] 2- Sr. Software Engineer [Java] with 4+ years experience 3- System Architect [8+ years experience] 4- IT Project Lead [8+ years experience]... All positions are Islamabad based but out-stationed candidates are encouraged to apply and will be compensated accordingly. If you want to be a part of growing, challenging and rewarding work environment then this is a best opportunity for you. Job Timings: Morning Shift send resume at :  meharnisha.007@gmail.com and add my reference in the email also mention position applied for in the subject line.
CM #Chinese #Scholarship #program 2017 Batch 4 https://goo.gl/9PFG38
Latest #HEC #Overseas #Scholarship 2017 for Phd https://goo.gl/MrDRtv
Job Title: Pre-sales Engineer Location: Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad Qualification: BE/BSCS Certifications: CCNP We are looking for a ‘Pre-sales Engineer’ to Work on Big Brands of IT industry; Sophos, Cyberoam, Kaspersky, Barracuda, Watchguard, etc to expand our business. Our ideal candidate is a person having atleast 2 years of experience in installation of information security related products at system integrator.  Interested candidates may send their resumes at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.
Vacancies of software engineer in IT department of Arshad Group Faisalabad https://goo.gl/2Y7jTh
Masood Textile Mills Ltd required urgent applications for the post of Oracle Software Engineer https://goo.gl/UkKDEm

Urgently required  Post:marketing MTO (Management Trainee Officer)  Gender:Female Salary:30-35k Location:lahore... Qualification:Graduation upto 300k annual bonus(depending on performance) 200k medical allowance if you stick with them for 1 Year a good candidate shall have good communication skills and be presentable interested candidates send cv at hr7@careerz360.pk along with their picture.Kindly mention post in the Subject section
Urgently Required! Our Client is a well reputed Company looking for an INTERNESHIP OPPORTUNITY at their Firm  Post: CONTENT WRITER  Qualification: Equivalent to A-Level/Inter Salary: Upto PKR 15 Thousands... Experience:  1:Good English Writing & Verbal Skills. 2:Have a High Standard of Written material and able to create impact. 3:Experience with Microsoft Word,HTML. 4:Able to meet DEADLINES. Location: Lahore Interested Candidates Are Required to Share their Resumes at hr7@careerz360.pk along with their picture
can anyone please send me the timetable of summer semester#17 courses ???  ? i needit
Job Title: Trainee Network Engineer Location: Karachi Qualification: BE/BSCS (Telecommunication/Network) Certifications: CCNA/CCNP (Preferred) We are looking for a ‘Trainee Network Engineer’ to work on our internal our internal network. Candidate must have internship experience and good knowledge of  Tcp/IP, SIP, VLAN, WLANS, Clouds And Network Infrastructure  Interested candidates may send their resumes at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals.
Summer Internship Program at BroadPeak Technologies for FAST-NU Lahore undergraduate students Location: Lahore Duration: 6 Weeks Department: Software Development Apply at: hrubab@broadpeak.com... #BroadPeak #Lahore #Paid #Internship #Undergraduates #CSStudents #FASTNU #LUMS
:: MOBILE APPLICATION DEVELOPER REQUIRED :: Application Deadline: Midday, Sunday, 14th May 2017. Anzen is an organisation dealing with cutting edge technology such as AI, IoT and deep learning networks. We are looking for passionate young individuals who want utilize their job to learn new technologies, develop new systems and take ownership of projects in mobile application development domain.   We hire individuals who are self-motivated and quick learners, can collaborate w...ith team mates and superiors to deliver and finalize the tasks assigned to them. Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done, links to projects and live apps etc. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. = Minimum Experience: Fresh or Recent Graduates Excellent skills and minimum 1 year relevant experience in mobile application, server side scripting, NodeJS API and UI development. = Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree preferably Computer Engineering/ Computer Software Engineering/ Computer Science Master’s degree (added advantage) = Technical Skills: • Core understanding of Android application development. • Core understanding of Databases, Server side interaction, API development. • Basic level skills in photoshop or Illustrator for front end modifications. = Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of upcoming technologies and their industrial application. • Passionate about creating systems based on mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Excellent organization skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills
 We are looking for a full time WordPress Developer who will be working on site in our office near Commercial Market RWP.... Excellent knowledge of PHP, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and MySQL queries. Extensive experience building responsive WordPress themes and CMS websites from PSD/HTML designs and customizing existing WordPress themes. Experience working with WordPress including in-depth understanding of the existing WordPress functions, coding standards for plugins/widgets, custom post types, WooCommerce and theme integration using best practices. Strong expertise in creating WordPress CMS architectures from scratch based on specifications. Strong understanding of existing WordPress frameworks and willing to learn them if needed. Outstanding problem solving abilities, with a knack for turning complex business needs into clear, intuitive functionality patterns and architectures. Be willing to help your teammates, share your knowledge with them, and learn from them. Excellent communication skills. Please apply with your latest resume and portfolio at usman@propakistani.pk (be sure to include job code "PPMay2017" ). Include your expected compensation as well.
Guys Kia koe FAST UNI ISLAMABAD ka BSCS & Software engineering ka last time merit bta sakta hai ?
PTCL ClimbtheSummit Recruitment Drive is coming to FAST - NUCES Islamabad on Tuesday, 2nd May 2017! Look for the ClimbTheSummit team around your campus for more information. https://www.facebook.com/events/933869430088099/
JOB ALERT ⚠ Vacancies Opened: 2017 Only For Lahore  Limited Applications,   Apply Now Read Carefully,  ... SMS Your CV: 0310-4980198 #Interested & Serious Persons Send Their Short Resume SMS Format ( Name, qualifications, age, current location, Email address,) on 03104-980198  #Note:  After Applying,  You will Get a Reply of Appointment Text.  Read Carefully,  &  Reach in The Office for Interview on Mentioned Time.Thanks.
Urgent Hiring!!! Jobs in Dubai  https://goo.gl/uHNrAC  we are looking for .NET developer, QA,Engineer and Accountant in Sales and Marketing Persons who have some experince in following fields Experience: 1+ yr or freshers  Apply Online through this link  https://goo.gl/uHNrAC  as soon as possible'
 **SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR STUDENTS** Fill out the form and we'll get back to you. https://goo.gl/forms/SFtuh6QTqE5WE23M2
We are looking for ‘Sales Executive’ for IT related products. Our ideal candidate would be a female with atleast 2 years of experience in sales, Business Development and/or Customer Services.  Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional. For further details, check job description at ‘


Asslamualikum i am pre medical student can i apply in CS in fast University?
6 Engineers are Required for firm in islamabad. Lumsum amount will be payed. experience letter will be given to you And also you can visit cite whenever you want to. اسلام ابار کی کمپنی کو 6 انجینر چا ہے  پیسے اسی وقت دے دئے جاۓ گے ... experience letter b bna duga usi wqt aur jab dil karay ap log cite bhi visit kar skty ho.

The world is full of problems. What we need is a problem solver!!  Don't let the world tell you that your ideas are not worth it!  Come to us and show your crea...tive problem solving skills!!  Remember, Creative yet sustainable!! That's the Key! IEEE Computer Society, FAST-NUCES, Lahore brings you the BIGGEST IDEATHON CHALLENGE!! Stay Tuned for more details. Registrations will be opening soon.
InVogue Sol. is looking for a passionate Unity(2D/3D) game developer. Candidate must have developed at-least two games for IOS/Android platform. It's a great opportunity! to join emerging startup.  Following are some mandatory requirements.  - Excellent programming skills - Strong problem solving abilities - Unity game development experience ... - Excellent Scripting skills  - Optimum Game logic and AI abilities - Must know Unity GUI, Asset Bundles, Memory Management Materials/Shaders, particle system etc - Must be able to provide top UI/UX experience  - Expertise in utilising fundamentals of OOP & design patterns  - Must participate in all phases of project lifecycle (design, build, test)  - Must provide links of apps if available Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply!


We are looking for ‘Inside Sales Executive’ for IT related products. Our ideal candidate will be a female with atleast 1-2 years of experience in sales, Business Development and/or Customer Services.  Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional. For further details, check job description at ‘http://www.softechms.com/careers/

Can some please send me Handa book for objective questions related to electrical engineering in scanned form. If some one has the book please scan it and post the link or send it to me. i shall be greatful
Registrations extended till Friday 10th March 2017. Register NOW at www.softecnu.org if you haven't already. Those participants who want to pay their registration fee in cash can visit the university campus anytime between 9:00 am to 8:00  pm to pay their dues.  #SOFTEC17 #RefuseToLose
 register before 5th of march... https://www.facebook.com/events/1621115674864556/?active_tab=discussion
 register before 5th of march... https://www.facebook.com/events/1621115674864556/?active_tab=discussion
Get ready to brainstorm your minds with Scientific sessions,Youth talks and Intellectual lectures.#4thISYS Registrations are open: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQiHJPgW9T_pE9D8…/viewform
Ladies and Gentlemen ISYS's dates are here. 4th, 5th & 6th November. Team ISYS is proud to announce participant registrations for ISYS'16. It brings you the opp...ortunity to be a part of something great. To be a part of our event please fill the form and register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQiHJPgW9T_pE9D8…/viewform Liaison Package for guidance is provided at the following link: https://drive.google.com/…/0B5FAaaziyQfWQkJ6SGNjZHBrV…/view… For further details please stay tuned to our facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/isys.giki/?fref=ts and our event page: https://www.facebook.com/events/311641259197204/ For any guidance and queries please email us at: sciencesociety.giki@gmail.com
 Our registrations will close on 17th October, 2016, if our limited slots aren't filled up already by then. You can register here at http://netronixgiki.com/register.html Registration 1. Incomplete registration forms will not be entertained. 2. Please mention clearly the name of the Team Leader of every team; as all correspondence between NETRONiX and the team will be through the team leader. 3. There are two categories for registration: UGX and HACKTRiX. Participants registering… NETRONIXGIKI.COM
 Our registrations will close on 17th October, 2016, if our limited slots aren't filled up already by then. You can register here at http://netronixgiki.com/register.html Registration 1. Incomplete registration forms will not be entertained. 2. Please mention clearly the name of the Team Leader of every team; as all correspondence between NETRONiX and the team will be through the team leader. 3. There are two categories for registration: UGX and HACKTRiX. Participants registering… NETRONIXGIKI.COM
The short notes on a new chapter "Analysis of Financial Statements" is uploaded at Finance Academy. This short video will give you an overview on topics covered... in short notes. To read full chapter short notes please visit Finance Academy at www.wssmeu.com !!!! LIKE & SHARE this page to get more updates related to NEWS & ACADEMIC MATERIAL on FINANCE....!!!!! Thanks in anticipation.....!!!!!! http://wssmeu.com/…/fm-by-va…/financial-statements-analysis/
2 Days Hands on "Wireless Hacking" Workshop in Islamabad on 29th and 30th October. Contact : 03215010586 https://www.facebook.com/events/330407683980833
Are you facing financial problems??? Do you want to get out of your financial problems??? Watch this video (Click on Link to Watch) to find the way.........Please LIKE & SHARE this page to get more.....!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/finance.ac/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel
We need people who have fair English communication skills, The job is regarding calling people in America and producing sales, However we offer 15000-18000 basic salary+ daily bonus. job timing 7:00 pm-4:00 am.(night shift), Pick and drop for females. We have two centers in Shamsabad Pindi and Blue area Islmbd. Contact me 4 interview from my page and like it or inbox me https://www.facebook.com/Rawalpindi-Islamabad-Call-Center-things-139206979840933/?ref=settings

We are taking bookings for-NOV -DEC 2016 for Wedding Events across Pakistan. Slots are open for reservation on first come first serve basis. for package details kindly inbox here or drop an email at focusproz@outlook.com or give us a call at 091-5711332 - 0315-0990102 And visit to our official page www.facebook.com/focusproz
Hiring Fresh BBA/MBA/MS Supply Chain Management candidates for the position of Buying (Procurement) vacant in our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal candidate must possess excellent communication skills,good IT knowledge of software products,Software licensing, Procurement cycle, Purchase Orders, ERP (SAP) ,MS-Office Suite Salary : Market Competitive (with benefits) Job Timings: Night Shift (09pm-06am) Apply/Refer at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (Mention ...Name of The post in subject) Note: >Excellent English Communication is a must >Only relevant candidates will be contacted
 (Lahore Candidates are Preferable!)  Male/Female, Staff Required For the Following Office & Home Based Duties. #IT Advertisement Panel home or office based working:  home based opportunity available but First time you have to Come Must in office.! Matriculation, intermediate, Graduates master, job holders person's.  Online Counseling, Indoor Marketing, Networking, Online Social Advertisement,, network Marketing though social Media.  2 to 4Hours Adjustable Duty Attractive Income With Incentives (20000 to 25000+) #Education, Teaching in Office, Presentation & Motivational Trainings for New candidates.  Graduation, Master's Required, Daily, Weekly, Monthly Basis Income. Salary Depends On Your Interview. (20 to 30000+)  #Office Desk JOB, Interviews Conducting, File Management,office Management, Counseling Office Activities. Part Time & Full Time, Daily, Weekly, Monthly Basis Income. Salary Depends On Your Interview. Intermediate, Graduation,Masters . ( 20 to 25000+) #To Apply :Candidates Send Their Short CV  (NAME,CURRENT LOCATION, QUALIFICATION, AGE, EMAIL ADDRESS ) on 0310-4980198   (Do Mention the Job title)  #Note:  Best For Lahore Candidates. other cities person's can also join home based but Interview  Is Compulsory For Every Position, Even If You Are Applying home based.....!
Fresh Marketing and Supply Chain Graduates can now apply for entry level positions at Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD Islamabad Position Titles: 1-Partner Specialist  2- Renewal Analyst ... 3-Vendor Specialist  4-Buying Officer 5-Business Development Executive The ideal candidates for all positions must possess Excellent Communication Skills, Good Knowledge of IT, MS-Office Skills
AI Logica (Lahore) is looking for Senior Game 3D Animator / 3D Modeler / CG Artists.
 #Online Marketing & Advertisement: home based...   #Note(but first time you have to come must in office AT Lahore)  25 Vacancies  Income Offered: 15,000 to 20,000+ Qualification Required:  Matriculation, intermediate, Graduates, Job holders person's  Duties: Online Social Sites Advertising, Online Marketing, Counseling,Fb add posting online Networking #Educational & Trainings....! 10Vacancies  Income Offered: 20,000 to 30000+ Qualification Required: Intermediate+, graduates, Master's  Office Location: Lahore  Duties: Regular Trainings,  IT Courses, Skill Teaching,motivation  lecture. #To Apply :Candidates Send Their Short CV  (NAME,CURRENT LOCATION, QUALIFICATION, AGE, EMAIL ADDRESS ) on 0310-4980198   (Do Mention the Job title)  #Note: Best For Lahore Candidates. other cities person's can also join home based but Interview  Is Compulsory For Every Position, Even If You Are Applying home based......!!


Kindly share in your circle, You might be the reason someone gets a job :: SALES EXECUTIVE REQUIRED :: :Deadline For Application: 20 Dec 2016 A NUST based IoT (Internet of Things) project is hiring passionate young individuals who want to kick-start their career in Sales and Marketing . Before sending us your CV, kindly review. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Minimum Experience:...   Fresh Graduates with Excellent communication and engagement skills and minimum 1 year relevant experience in technical product sales and marketing.  Knowledge & Skills: • Excellent presentation and negotiation skills • Great in dealing with people in general. • Can handle stressful situation and find a solution to unique problems • Good organizational skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Excellent organizational and time management skills Send your CVs at electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
Hurry up Guys !!! Registrations are Open ! https://ncscliaison.typeform.com/to/XBpXU2 Final date for participant registration is 20th December Just click for Re...gistration. Don't miss this opportunity! #Registrations_Open #Cash_Prizes #Zion '16  #NCSC_EGaming #Al_Qalam #This_New_Years_Eve
Hurry up Guys !!! Registrations are Open ! https://ncscliaison.typeform.com/to/XBpXU2 Final date for participant registration is 20th December Just click for Re...gistration. Don't miss this opportunity! #Registrations_Open #Cash_Prizes #Zion '16  #NCSC_EGaming #Al_Qalam #This_New_Years_Eve
InVogue Sol. is looking for a passionate Unity(2D/3D) game developer. Candidate must have developed at-least 2/3 games for IOS/Android platform. It's a great opportunity! to join emerging startup. Following are some mandatory requirements.  Unity game development experience Excellent Scripting skills  Optimum Game logic and AI abilities... Must know Unity GUI, Asset Bundles, Mameory Management Materials/Shaders, particle system etc Must be able to provide top UI/UX experience Expertise in utilizing foundations of OOP & design pattrens Must participate in all phases of project lifecycle (design, build, test) Must provide links of apps
 - 1-2 years of PHP experience... - Experience of (Zend, CodeIgnitor, CackePHP, or similar frameworks) - Must Have Experience of Open Source Systems Oddo & ERP NEXT (So Should be familiar with Python basics ) - Object-oriented programming - Proficient in JavaScript, Jquery, HTML, CSS (Web technologies) - Proficient in My SQL and other databases - Team player - Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment - Ability to work independently - Ability to solve complex problems - Bachelor's degree


We are hiring Quality Assurance Engineers (2 Fresh). Our team works on Automated SecuityTesting, E2E testing, DevOPs, Jenkins,TDD. Graduates who have good programming skills are encouraged to apply for this job. Send resumes to nabeel.ansar@vizteck.com

- Customer Service Representative(CSR) + Content Writer is required at Techtronix Corp. - Minimum education bachelors is required (experienced or fresh). - Outstanding salary pakage with Insurance and Medical. - Candidate with good communication skills will be preferred.  Those who are willing to apply kindly send their CV's at ayesha.tabassum@techtronix.biz
 Programming Languages & Technologies: PHP, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery. Required Skills: • Bachelors degree in Computer Science • Strong problem-solving and analytical skills and ability to execute actions necessary to achieve goals. • Advanced Experience with MySQL Databases and SQL Queries to investigate issues directly on production data. • Knowledge of programming or scripting languages to help write code needed for processing data required for investigating customer issues. • Excellent communicator, verbal and written skills. • Understanding of software development life cycles. • Flexibility to work flexible hours when required. • Experience with supporting a web-based Saas application is desired, but not required.
https://www.facebook.com/events/1018188071640401/?ti=cl
Hiring Fresh Marketing Graduates for the post of Marketing Specialist vacant at our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD. The ideal candidate must possess excellent communication skills,Good Knowledge of Event Management, Social Media/Online Marketing, Good command on MS Excel & Outlook.  Salary: Market Competitive. (With Benefits) Job Timings : 9pm-6am (Night Shift) Career Level : Entry Level... Apply at: lubnaakbar@enpointe.com (Mention Name of The Post in Subject)
Hiring Fresh BBA/MBA/MS Supply Chain Management candidates for the position of Software Procurement Analyst vacant in our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal candidate must possess excellent communication skills,good IT knowledge of software products,Software licensing, Procurement cycle, Purchase Orders, MS-Office Suite Salary : Market Competitive (with benefits) Job Timings: Night Shift (09pm-06am)... Apply/Refer at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (Mention Name of The post in subject) Note: >Excellent English Communication is a must >BSCS Graduates are also eligible to apply. Only if they are not inclined towards Software Development and are willing to go for Supply Management degree in future >Only relevant candidates will be contacted

We are hiring Fresh & Experienced Graduates at our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD for following positions. 1-Marketing Specialist 2-Business Development Executive. 3-IT Sales Professional.... 4-Presales Analyst 5-Renewal Analyst 6-Travel Desk Administrator 7-Buying Officer. 8-Software Procurement Analyst Degrees Required: BBA/MBA/BSCS/BSIT (Marketing/Supply Chain Management/Commerce) The ideal candidates must possess excellent communication skills, & Good Knowledge MS Office. Note: Bachelors degree is must. They are not programming/HR/Finance related jobs

NUCES alumnus (06 EE) contribution (Rs 62320) to the following fundraising for a little girl , started by a NUCES EE faculty member (sir Aamer Muneer)   (posted without asking for any permission from the contributor)    Target :    Rs 5.4 million  https://web.facebook.com/HelpBismah/?_rdr
Hiring candidates for the post of Service Desk Engineer - Veritas vacant at our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) Ltd  The ideal resource must posses excellent communication skills and 3-5 years of relevant expertise of working on Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange Servers, Net Backup, Storage, Archiving. Candidates with experience of Veritas / Symantec will be preferred Salary: Negotiable (Inclusive of Benefits) Job timings: 8pm-5am (Night Shift)... Apply at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (Mention Name of The Post In Subject)


Registrations are open...!! Register ASAP and Grab your place.

Hello everyone! Due to high demand and an exceptional response for our ambassdor applications, we have decided to extend the deadline till 20th of September. Ap...ply as soon as possible and don't miss this exclusive chance of being a part of the most prestigous event of the year. To be a part of our team please fill the form and register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfDCOmkAr55MO6u1R…/viewform  Ambassador Guide is provided at the following link: https://drive.google.com/…/0B5FAaaziyQfWQk9HWlp2WklMa…/view…
Hello everyone! Due to high demand and an exceptional response for our ambassdor applications, we have decided to extend the deadline till 20th of September. Apply as soon as possible and don't miss this exclusive chance of being a part of the most prestigous event of the year. To be a part of our team please fill the form and register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfDCOmkAr55MO6u1R…/viewform  Ambassador Guide is provided at the following link: https://drive.google.com/…/0B5FAaaziyQfWQk9HWlp2WklMa…/view…
We are hiring Fresh Business Graduates for the position of IT Sales Professional vacant in our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD. The ideal candidate must posses Excellent Communication Skills, Good Knowledge of IT, and MS-Excel.  Degree: BBA/MBA (Marketing).  Location: Islamabad.   Salary: Excellent (With Benefits e.g Family Health Insurance, Life Insurance, Provident Fund, Annual Leaves).  ... Job Timings: 08pm-05am (Night Shift).  Apply at lubnaakbar@enpointe.com

Erasmus Mundus Masters scholarship (PERCCOM) (Applications are open)!! An Erasmus Mundus with scholarship.This call is open from September 1st 2016 to January 10th 2017 (5.00pm CET). An Erasmus Mundus without scholarship.This call is open from March 2nd, 2017 to May 31st, 2017 (5.00pm CET). The Masters Course is open to European and non-European excellent students having acquired a BSc in mathematics, physics, computer sciences, automatic control and related fields.  Bachelor’s degree of at least 180 ECTS in Computer Scie nce, Computer Engineering, Automatic/ Electrical/ Electronic Engineering or Information Technology or a closely related area.
Hiring candidates for the post of Business Analyst vacant in our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal candidate must posses excellent communication skills along with knowledge of requirement gatherings, press release and technical writing Experience: 1-3 years of working as a Business Analyst Education : BSCS / MBA with a CS or I.T background (preferred)... Salary:Market Competitive (Inclusive of Benefits) Job Timings: 8pm-5am (Night Shift)   Apply at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (Mention Name Of The Post in Subject)
 Ideal candidate should have relevant work experience, high positive energy & excellent English communication skills.    Join us: careers@broadpeak.com
Galxyz Inc. is looking for a young and passionate individual for the position of Jr. QA Associate for its Pakistan office.   Needs to be a good team player and serious about the field of QA.  Experience: Fresh - 1 Year *Candidates with experience in gaming QA will be preferred Interested candidates can send their CVs and cover letters at umais@galxyz.com
 IBG CONSULTING is looking forward to hire an experienced SALES SPECIALIST.   Experience: 2 – 4 years (Business Setup & Closing leads with clients)  Qualification: BBA/MBA in related field ... Location: Islamabad  Salary: Basic Salary + Commission + Allowances, Salary Revision after 6 Months  This is a target based sales oriented job, with very good and timely commission payouts  Note: Must have very good English spoken and communication skills  Skills: Sales (Direct & Indirect) Business consulting Negotiation skills Leadership skills English Communication skills 
AoA. Anyone here wants to do swap from Islamabad to Faisalabad campus??? If anyone interested for swapping and anyone wants money (for his/her semester fee) and anyone who's warning counts are 2 ( His/Her warning removes if he/she changed the campus ) or tag someone who interested for swap plzz contact me....!!!
 A IoT (Internet of Things) based Product Development project is looking for Software Developers for their programming needs. Fresh Graduates are encouraged to apply. Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Minimum Experience:... Fresh Graduates with skills in Java & JavaScript based development with added knowledge in HTML/CSS and PHP Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Computer / Computer Software Engineering (Individuals with Server side programming and NodeJs experience will be preferred) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Has experience with JavaScript and HTML/CSS & PHP • Excellent organization skills • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs before 6th August to electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
 A IoT (Internet of Things) based Product Development project is looking for Software Developers for their programming needs. Fresh Graduates are encouraged to apply. Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Minimum Experience:... Fresh Graduates with skills in Java & JavaScript based development with added knowledge in HTML/CSS and PHP Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Computer / Computer Software Engineering (Individuals with Server side programming and NodeJs experience will be preferred) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Has experience with JavaScript and HTML/CSS & PHP • Excellent organization skills • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs before 6th August to electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
Urgently hiring some experienced candidates for the position of TAC Engineer (Cloud Computing) for our Islamabad's office of Ovex The ideal candidate must possess excellent communication skills, alongwith an experience of 2-4 years in  Level 1, 2 Network /NOC support, DNS, Firewalls, Cloud Computing, VMs, KVMs   Salary: Market Competitive(with benefits)  Job Timings: 8pm-5am (night shift) Apply at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (mention name of the post in subject) Only relevant candidates will be contacted
Immediate Opening: Technical marketing lead is required for US healthcare industry. Interested candidates may send your CV at zahid.ali@seecs.edu.pk Partnerships with EMR/EHR Vendors, Plan, execute and manage Provider/Patient engagement strategies, Email marketing, Website content writing, Social media marketing. Lead generation. Designing and developing partner/provider/patient marketing content. Ability to understand user’s functional requirements and document via user screens, working with development team for prioritizing dev efforts. HTML5/CSS/Javascript/Photoshop/UI/UX design. Prior inside sales experience, Consumer focused product/solution marketing, Vendor relationships expertise is required.
This can be your first step towards learning video game design & development techniques, production process and much more. Learn from industry professionals and mentors from international Industry. Apply before 8th August!
To all who wants to pursue career as a 2D game artist can learn the strongest foundation of 2D visual art & animation by first understanding the essential, values, forms, and lighting - as well as the software through which you will create. Follow our Learning Flow and start giving shape to your imagination with our following course: **We have limited scholarships fro women and deserving students, Please Apply before deadline 8th Aug!
Whats was the merit for cs last year ?
Guys ! What about MS(CS) of FAST ???  Is it worthy as BS(CS) ?? Please Guide me Because I have selected in ISB Campus for MS(CS) ...
Any one tell me tha merit of cs in islamabad campus
Anyone wants to transfer from Fast Isb to Fast Fsd campus due to any reason?  Contact.
Hello. Are there any good hostels near  "FAST ISB" also what are the average charges?

 Net, C#, Azure Mobile/App Services, Fabric, Notification, Authentication services, Media Services,... In-memory database, MongoDB, Cache, very Strong Stored Procedures, Data base designing and database management, Shell scripting, Strong SQL, HTML5,CSS, jQuery, Javascript, Azure platform maintenance,Bitbucket, web API, REST APIs, Web development. Notification, messaging, chat, audio/video streaming  Share your profile at zahid.ali@seecs.edu.pk by mentioning Title of Job in Subject of email. 
 Post: Sales Executive/TeleSalesofficer


https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd4Yx-koYf6WXJPb…/viewform…
Hi , why is there NO Sample or Past paper of NU (FAST) entry test? If someone has it or something similar to it , please provide.  I just applied for FAST - NU-CS test and I can find absolutely no information about the questions or the type of material that the test contains. If anyone has experienced the test , please share some information about it. Thanks :)
Call for Ambassadors! A chance to be affiliated with United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) and be a part of the 1st International BGT confe...rence in Pakistan by working alongside the core team. Register yourselves here: https://docs.google.com/…/1-YMs8Sq_yGu7faUs3fs9aH…/viewform…
Call for Ambassadors extended deadline: 17th July 2016  Hurry up and become part of one of the most exciting IT event, ITEC !   External Brand Ambassador form link: https://docs.google.com/…/1_v-PMuUxa7ZRp6Xmh9GOVNT…/viewform Internal Brand Ambassador form link: https://docs.google.com/…/1mWqiQzz6k9c4PSD3kCJ0Sts…/viewform
Hi guys :) I have 2 questions. 1.With 75% aggregate , can I get admission in CS Engineering? 2. When do classes of CS Engg start? I just applied 2 days ago for admission.
Anyone who can help my regarding entry test?
AOA!   Fast ki date aaj guzar gyi jis ka mjh aaj pta chla tha, koi tareeka he k me apply kar doo Fast me..
Job opportunities HR manager Marketing Staff Accountant Urdu Teacher... Female Receptionist  limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/
Position Title: Recruitment Executive Company: Career Pakistan Sector: HR Company type: Recruitment Company (Executive Search/Headhunting Company) Location: Career Pakistan office at Islamabad, Pakistan... Salary: 22K (fast paced compensation plan with quaterly increments based  on performance) Essential Requirements: (Recruitment Executive) -- Fresh graduate of Bachelor's/Master's program in HR Other Skills: -- Excellent written/verbal communication skills (in English) -- Excellent research skills -- Aptitude of hard work -- Pleasant personality/good interpersonal communication skills -- High GPA preferred, but not required. (If you have a high GPA, please mention it in your CV). -- A-level schooling or overseas schooling preferred, but not required. (If you have either, please mention it in your CV). How to Apply: 1 -- Please fill this form:http://goo.gl/forms/9bvupdcfrV 2 -- Please email your CV to staffrec@careerpakistan.org with your name and "Recruitment Executive" in the subject heading of your email.
Position Title: Recruitment Executive Company: Career Pakistan Sector: HR Company type: Recruitment Company (Executive Search/Headhunting Company) Location: Career Pakistan office at Islamabad, Pakistan... Salary: 22K Essential Requirements: (Recruitment Executive) -- Fresh graduate of Bachelor's/Master's program in HR Other Skills: -- Excellent written/verbal communication skills (in English) -- Excellent research skills -- Aptitude of hard work -- Pleasant personality/good interpersonal communication skills -- High GPA preferred, but not required. (If you have a high GPA, please mention it in your CV). -- A-level schooling or overseas schooling preferred, but not required. (If you have either, please mention it in your CV). How to Apply: 1 -- Please fill this form:http://goo.gl/forms/9bvupdcfrV 2 -- Please email your CV tostaffrec@careerpakistan.org with your name and "Recruitment Executive" in the subject heading of your email.
Last chance to avail an opportunity. Two international certifications only in 15,000/PKR. IOSH managing safely and Fire safety. Schedule: 21st june- 23rd june 2016. Location: Islamabad & Lahore.... Another bunch of international courses only in 66,000/PKR NEBOSH IGC, Medic first aid, Risk assessment and Fire safety. Schedule: 27th june-  6th july 2016. Location: Islamabad & Lahore. Contact @ 0300 0224677 for registrations.
Job Opportunities: 1. accountant 2. Coordinator 3. Urdu Teacher Only female... limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/
Job Opportunities: 1. accountant 2. Coordinator 3. Urdu Teacher Only female... limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/
Job Opportunities: 1. accountant 2. Coordinator 3. Urdu Teacher Only female... limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/
Job Opportunities: 1. accountant 2. Coordinator 3. Urdu Teacher Only female... limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/


Can I apply for air University with Nts result
Internship opportunity for students who wish to work on bio-medical oriented projects. Interested candidates should send their resumes as soon as possible to the email-id mentioned in the poster.
Dear All, Eveati (Pvt.) Limited (www.eveati.com) needs paid internees for different fields. Females are encouraged to apply. This internship might lead to permanent job depending upon performance. Requirements: Expertise in one or more than one tools/ languages mentioned below: Solidworks, Pro-e, Ansys ... OMNeT++, ns-3 C, C++, C#, VB SPSS, R JavaScript, Python, ASP.NET, MySql Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator > Excellent English speaking and writing skills > Can- do attitude > Ambitious to learn and work on new things You can also apply for unpaid internship if you are a newbie and want to learn these tools/ languages. Our office is in Cubator1, Comsats University, ChakShehzad, Islamabad, so only apply if you don't have any transport problem.  Timings for paid internees are 9:00 am to 5:00pm (Monday-Friday) You can send your updated CVs at careers.eveati@gmail.com and cc to careers@eveati.com Please clearly mention your expertise in subject of mail Sample subject:  1-Applying for paid internship in C, C#, Python, MySql 2-Applying for unpaid internship in MATLAB/ Simulink Contact: +925187313856

ICEPT offers the following courses in the months of July, August and September. Please register at http://iceptonline.com or call us at 0331-44-42378.
Can anyone tell me about ist uni and it's fee structure


 Minimum Experience:   Fresh ...Graduates with Excellent skills and minimum 1 year relevant experience in application and user interface development. Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Electrical /Computer Engineering • Master’s degree (added advantage) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Excellent organization skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs before 3rd June to electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
 Minimum Experience:   Fresh ...Graduates with Excellent skills and minimum 1 year relevant experience in application and user interface development. Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Electrical /Computer Engineering • Master’s degree (added advantage) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Excellent organization skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs before 3rd June to electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com

All the Graduating batches of High Schools , Colleges and Universities ! Something amazingly exciting coming your way on June 3rd , 2016.  Reserve your passes asap ! https://www.facebook.com/events/232535540460314/ For passes/Reservations Contact 03325464024 | 03449996996 | 03235320001... For Reservations/ University Ambassador Registration  http://goo.gl/forms/HU47LbMSQA
Hello everyone! We are hosting this event to screen GDC Talks and Tutorials about Video Games Development, Its a wonderful opportunity for learning and networking in game industry! We are hosting it at a wonderful place CASA ROUGE and have limited space. Fill out this form to reserve your seat: http://goo.gl/forms/mb6aZSiGC5


Aurora Solutions is looking for a UI/UX Engineer for their Islamabad office having the following expertise: 2. Should have a good understanding of the platforms on which the UI design is to be done like Photoshop. 3. Should have a good understanding of the platforms on which the UI development is to be done like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and responsive UI frameworks like Foundation, Bootstrap etc. 5. Should have worked with marketing directors, engineers, CEOs and account managers. This should build and understanding on how to present ideas to different teams while speaking their language clearly and concisely. Those who are interested can apply at hr@aurorasolutions.io
 Interested candidates please mail their CVs with job title in subject line at jobs@evampsaanga.com.  Word Press Developer(1-3 years experience)... Drupal Developer (1-3 years experience) SEO/SEM specialist (1-3 years experience) Linux administrator (1-3 years experience) Java Developer J2EE (1-3 years experience) Front End Developer (1-3 years experience) Graphic Designer Intern. Marketing Intern.
 OR Pre-Book On this Google Form so that we contact you ourselves! http://goo.gl/forms/so0urmDhjB Tickets are also available at:  Gloria Jeans I-8 Markaz Islamabad Chai Chowk Sector F-11 Markaz Islamabad Nutella Spot Sector F-11 Markaz Islamabad Event Venue Bluez, Golden Heights Basement F-11 Markaz Islamabad  Satellite Town Rawalpindi [on call] Bahria Town Phase 1-9 [on call] University Ambassadors [details on https://www.facebook.com/events/1706039036335568/]

Summer internship program VR Hiring (Pvt.) Ltd. is offering 3 months paid internship program in telemarketing/HR/Sales. Interested candidates may send your resu...mes to careers@vrhiring.com. mention job title in subject line.
 Umair Jaliawala is an inspirational and motivational trainer, who excels in developing teamwork and communication ...skills in his often spellbound audience. He heads the School of Leadership as CEO and conducts multiple youth training conferences, including the renowned Young Leaders Conference. He has worked extensively with the youth and academia through conferences, workshops, and various other customized programs, empowering his audience with the confidence to go beyond their self created threshold. His simulating talks and exercises run along the lines of business, religion, philosophy, and psychology. NLS ’16 is honored to have an exemplary trainer such as himself on board. Register now to secure your spot: http://goo.gl/forms/xm8j6SwtMa

 Counselling Pro is an amiable duo founded and run by two enthusiastic guys, Nauman and Hassan. Young and upbeat as ...they are, they are often spotted spreading positivity and self confidence among the youth of Pakistan, on multiple platforms. They have reached out to numerous young people and provided counseling regarding a wide sphere of fields, including professional development, career counseling, leadership development, and entrepreneurship. Nauman being a seasoned professional trainer of multinational companies and Hassan being a staunch believer of the power of youth in academia are coming to NLS ‘16 to set the stage for a talk that is going to shift the youth’s paradigm of ‘hard work’ to ‘smart work’. Get registered and confirm your place! http://goo.gl/forms/xm8j6SwtMa
 The candidate must possess the following: 1. Hands on experience in Grails/Spring and JavaScript.... 2. Should be skilled in more than one language or area like (e.g. Java for back end and AngularJS for front-end).  3. Good understanding of the principles of software development and best design practices.  4. Ability to write unit and integration tests for all the code written.  5. Practical knowledge of a unit testing framework like JUnit, NUnit or TestNG is preferred. 6. Should have the ability to learn new technologies on demand and work on an unrelated technology with minimal guidance. Educational Details Required: At least Bachelor's degree in Computer Sciences. To apply, please send your CV at hr@aurorasolutions.io
 Job Responsibilities: - Develop a good understanding and business knowledge of the software. - Write test cases (both automated and manual) for new user stories added to the system.... - Setting up and working with different development environments for API testing. - Find and report bugs in the software. - Interpret software documentation (requirements, workflows, functional analyses and designs) and understand the concepts. Raise issues and loopholes and develop test plans. - Plan and collaborate testing activities for releases with colleagues working from different parts of the world. Educational Details Required:  At least Bachelor's degree in Computer Sciences. Kindly apply with your CV at hr@aurorasolutions.io Check details at: 






 If you like to test your skills and get hands on experience in the job market, apply for "Business Development & Marketing Intern" post at Aurora Solutions (www.aurorasolutions.io), Islamabad. Requirements:... The Business Development & Marketing Intern will have a unique opportunity to help shape the marketing strategy of new program areas and campaigns and be exposed to a higher level of responsibility than at a typical organization, taking ownership of sponsorship outreach and development. 1. Market mapping, penetration planning and execution. 2. Engaging new and potential audience in new markets. Looking for new partnership opportunities. 3. Developing a good understanding the different web and mobile based software and demonstrating the use cases to prospective customers in an articulate way. 4. Setting up meetings and demonstrations with prospective clients. 5. Product selling to the target audience. 6. Help to shape the market strategy and sales activities for the products in charge. 7. Updating information and keeping live feeds on the social media pages of the company. 8. Looking for opportunities to present the product to mass audience at conferences and gatherings. Those who are pursuing or are done with their BBA/MBA with marketing as their core field, can apply at hr@aurorasolutions.io . This vacancy is Islamabad based and will be of 6-8 weeks time. The total work required will be of 20 hours/week. Details at: http://www.aurorasolutions.io/jobs-post/marketing-intern/
 https://www.facebook.com/events/564382013730766/

 The ideal candidate should have the following skills:  - Efficient problem solving  - Excellent written and verbal communication skills  - Self motivated, confident & a positive team player At TxLabz we love to have fun while doing mobile apps and games design and development along with web dev/designing and digital marketing. If you are looking to be part of a team who is always up to some challenging work and willing to learn something new, don't wait! Send in your CV at hr@txlabz.com  We look forward to working with you. Please mention the open position title in your email subject while sending in your CV.

BroadpeakIT has become one of Pakistan’s Leading IT Company that rapidly established it’s footprint in providing IT services to the franchise and retail industry. We are looking to hire Software Engineers (Web + Desktop) for our Islamabad Office. Exp: 3-7 yrs. Job Worth: Market Competitive Salary + Health Insurance + Quarterly Bonus + EOBI + Leaves Encashment + Paid Time Off + Employee recognition + Effective training and development programs + Recreational activities. Interested Candidates can apply at careers@broadpeakit.com
http://www.educationplus.com.pk/hec-announces-universities…/
Study In Malaysia-On Spot Admissions & Information Seminar-Asia Pacific University-APU Meet Mr. Shozab Abbas from Asia Pacific University Foundation/Bachelors / Masters Courses are Available / Degree Transfer Options Available in Bachelors Degree Get UK Degree While Studying in Malaysia Pay Tuition Fee After Visa Approval... Date: 14th March 2016 (Monday) Time: 03:00 Pm to 06:00 PM Venue: Office No 506, 5th Floor, Ibrahim Trade Tower, Main Sharah-e-Faisal, Above Habib Bank Limited, Karachi-75350 Pakistan Contact : 021-34321916-17 & 0321-8785008-0300-820288



 Last date: 20th of march 1) Open the following link... 2) Click vote and then sign up new account 3) Provide your details and then check your mail and click confirm then open this link ( https://scholarship.coca-cola.com/pk/ideas#id1758 ) and please click vote. 4) Then submit your business idea and win coca-cola scholership 2016
 Marketing Executive (exp. 1-2 years)   Project Managing Officer (exp.1-2 years)   SEO/SEM (exp. 1-2 years)   Graphic Designer (exp. 1-2 years)   Linux Administrator (exp. 1-2 years)   Level 2 Support Engineer (exp. 2+ years)   Front End Developer (exp. 1-2 years)  Android Developer (exp.1+)  Ios Developer (Exp. 1+) 
We are looking for Creative lead for our marketing Division in Islamabad!
Find the Meaning of your existence.  Get an amazing networking opportunities.  Get hands on work experience filled with adventure and Fun.  https://docs.google.com/…/1IlK2UKplY3sXzv4Mz5z8HU…/viewform…
The National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences has the honor of being the first multi-campus private sector university set up under the Federal Charter granted by Ordinance No.XXIII of 2000, dated July 01, 2000.  The University started with an impressive advantage in that, thanks to the selfless, ceaseless and imaginative efforts of the Foundation FAST, it inherited five first rate computer science institutes located at Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad,Faisalabad and Pesha...war in prestigious settings.  These institutes, individually as well as collectively, have established leadership position due to the splendid vision of an enlightened management and tireless efforts of a highly qualified faculty. Over the years FAST has become the hallmark of excellence in academic arena, domestic market and international community. NUCES FAST has five campuses located in Islamabad,Lahore,Karachi,Faisalabad and Peshawar and every year it strengthens our motherland's backbone by providing it with fresh competitive graduates who have the courage and ability of leading this nation into a new era of technology

Challenging, intuitive and electrifying; SOFTEC ’16 has once again opened the platform for all the keen programmers out there to test their limits and showcase ...their talents.  Visit www.softecnu.org for details. Register, participate, grab a chance to win PKR 50,000/- and be recognized at the best of IT festivals. Limited Seats Available!   




 1. Strong skills in .NET. 5+ years of software development experience in C#, ASP.NET or ASP MVC... 2. Experience with Azure 3. Building the frontend systems using AngularJS frameworks (Knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript-based build systems such as Grunt and Gulp) 4. Good understanding of the principles of a REST API. You should have experience on how to design and develop a secure REST API.  5. Experience with a unit testing framework like NUnit. 6. Good knowledge of modern software Design Patterns.  7. Knowledge of a distributed version control system (like Git), Project Management tool (like Jira) and build pipeline automation (using Jenkins, gocd etc.).  1. At least a BS (CS) degree 2. 5+ years of experience 3. Job is based in Islamabad, but will require travel. This job will close its CV search on 3rd March, 2016. Kindly send CVs before this date at hr@aurorasolutions.io Visit website for details: http://www.aurorasolutions.io/jobs-po…/senior-net-developer/

 Features: 1. One to one consultation with registered Australian education and migration consultants  2. 50% discount on consultancy fee... 3. Fee migration assessment  4. Scholarships
Looking for a Junior QA Specialist: Aurora Solutions is hiring for the post of "Junior QA Specialist", with the following requirements: 1. Basic knowledge of QA 2. Experience and practical know how of automated testing and Selenium web driver technology 3. Good communication skills... This is an urgent hiring. Interested candidates can send their CVs at hr@aurorasolutions.io Please visit our website www.aurorasolutions.io for more details.


Discover your potential through Inkompass's internship, an experience second to none! Grab the opportunity to be ahead of your peers, apply now! To apply, visit https://goo.gl/O5aH7U

We believe that no one fall in love with an idea until they visualize it, therefore the graphics of event is getting disclose so that the one who didn't grab ou...r idea can easily do it . . . so here it comes !!

Attention Please I hope you are all fine i'm student of computer science i want to make final project in field of Artificial intellegence or any Voice recognization like projects please suggest me some projects for final year projects
:: ELECTROMECHANICAL SYSTEM DESIGN ENGINEER REQUIRED :: A NUST based IoT (Internet of Things) Research and Product Development project is looking for passionate young individuals who want to kick-start their career in Product Design & Development. Before sending us your CV, kindly review. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Minimum Experience:   Fresh Graduates with Excellent skills and... minimum 1 year relevant experience in technical product development  Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Mechatronics Engineering. • Master’s degree (added advantage) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating product level electromechanical systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Electromechanical Systems design. • Should be familiar with mechanical and CAD design suits • Be able to use existing industrial processes for rapid prototyping to finished level product design • Excellent organization skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs at electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
Hello everyone! join the world's biggest game Jam "Global Game Jam 2016" in Pakistan from 29th to 31st January! Game Developers, artist and Testers can apply! View more details on following, inbox us in case of any querry: Main Site:http://globalgamejam.org/2…/jam-sites/pga-global-game-jam-pk Twitter: @PixelartGA  PixelArt Games Academy https://www.facebook.com/events/1076735772379208/

Get yourself Registered ASAP, as we have limited slots available. For Registration: Step 1:  Register yourself and your team online by clicking on the following link: http://goo.gl/forms/HWkewxn0Fz... Step 2: The registration fee of PKR.3000 per participant may be paid via the mentioned ways in the liaison package:  https://drive.google.com/open… Step 3:  You are required to post the following documents: (Address mentioned in the liaison package) a) Copy of CNIC/Student ID card of all team members  d) Bank Draft/receipt of online payment A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive all the mentioned documents, and after your successful registration. Still confused? Call us on any of the mentioned contact numbers on the poster OR send us a message on this page OR email us at sciencesociety.giki@gmail.com

 Registrations opening soon! Stay tuned at: www.softecnu.org
 We are looking for a strong profile of a full stack developer with extensive experience of working in Java, JS, design and develop a secure REST API, have experience building production grade systems using JavaScript frameworks (AngularJS, Ember, etc.).  Interested candidates can send their CVs at hr@aurorasolutions.io / join@aurorasolutions.io

 Here is your chance to be part of the biggest event of FAST. Apply for the lodging department. Last date to apply: 24-01-16 i.e Sunday https://docs.google.com/…/1h9w6kxOepxNbMvJM19PitUH…/viewform

If you believe that your project is truly a premiere innovation that can leverage and enhance the world so your logics collectively with your ideas and innovations are warmly welcomed – comBat’16
We believe that no one fall in love with an idea until they visualize it, therefore the graphics of event is getting disclose so that the one who didn't grab ou...r idea can easily do it . . . so here it comes !!



Post





Laptop suggestions please.  CS Reasonable suggestions will be appreciated. New condition is a must.







 - Must be pursuing a degree in CS/IT or any relevant title... - Have worked on Adobe Illustrator/Photoshop - Comfortable working in a remote environment - Have exceptional creativity and innovation - Have excellent time management and organizational skills Freshies and Final year students are encouraged to apply! - Internship leading to job opportunity - Work on a wide range of graphic design projects - Receive guidance and feedback from senior graphic designers and other professionals - Flexible schedule for students Interested candidates are encouraged to apply at hireme@dijination.com by mentioning the 'position title' in the subject of the email


Earn a big scholarship, learn great knowledge.🌼🌼 Are you the one who always wanted to be an international student and you don't know how? You have dreamt but co...uld not achieve? Or  Does it seem a hectic procedure for you? Answers to your questions.🌟 And  Solutions to your problems.🧭 It's free and open to all.🌻🌻
Just uploaded a short video titled as "3 Words That Define Life at FAST" on my YouTube channel! Do Checkout. Thanks
Fast lahore only (CS)  Yr aghr ap mein se kisi senior ka pass discrete structure our LA ki book hai our wo apka kisi kam ki nhi tu please mujhey inbox krdo.  I would really appreciate that. Thankyou.

Developer Students Club- GCU proudly announces collaboration with UE IT Society for  info session on #CloudSeekho.  Register Here: http://bit.ly/dscgcu-seekho W...elcome to #CloudSeekho. You get an opportunity to self study Google Cloud Platform related tools and technologies starting with one-month free access to Qwiklabs and receive a cool swag pack depending on the number of quests you complete.
 The Hult Prize Foundation is a global learning platform that enables the new generation to deliver social change through education and entrepreneurship. Focused on impact and youth empowerment, the organization runs six key programs, across six continents - all of which are designed to ignite social entrepreneurship among youth around the world. The 2021 Hult Prize Challenge brings you the topic, #FoodForGood: Transforming food into a vehicl...e for change! The aim is to positively impact and improve the system for 10 million people by 2030. The winning startup is awarded 1 million US dollars by the Hult Prize Foundation. Bring your ideas forward, make a change, and win!

It's kind of my small family business kindly support by click on going/interested. Also come in grand opening of Pizza Munch Gurumandir Branch opening with your friends and family  ♥️
Got admission in BSCS. Which laptop should i buy in affordable price?
I need some guidance from seniors. Preferably from BS CS 4th year students as they have been though the process. I have been a Mac user ever since. I have  Macbook Air early 2015 model. What  I have realized is that a window's based laptop is needed for BS CS as the keyboard shortcuts are different, keyboard layout is different. Code Compilers are different etc. I was looking towards buying a surface laptop but then again the experiances with lunix in dual boot setup are aweful (at least on reddit). SO which laptop would be an  "adequate  laptop"  for smooth completion of degree without upgrading in 3rd or 4th year? And what would be considered "powerful laptop" given the workload for BS CS degree?

WAIT IS OVER! Are you a Newbie? inexperienced but talented. We are now announcing General Team Recruitment for the first time in the history of Fast Islamabad! ...Applications for #DSCFAST Islamabad GENERAL TEAM Recruitment (2020-21) are open! 👇 Here's your chance to become a part of biggest Tech Club of the best Tech University in Pakistan, DSC FAST University Islamabad. Polish your skills, soft skills and explore smart solutions for our community. 🧠🚀
To G, Who wants to learn Programming?  Credits: Fastards
Welcome Batch’20 Congratulations on getting admission in FAST. I hope you will have a fine time here. In Sha Allah you all will learn a lot here and believe me if you to want learn CS ,FAST is one of best places to learn and if getc you will have a very hard time here . There are few things I would like to share which might help you. First of all never ever ‘COPY CODE ‘from sites or batch mates because you will not learn anything if you start copying code in subjects like PF(...1ST SEM ) followed by OOP and DS , they are difficult because they want you to learn things. If you are good at Coding or getting good at coding help your classmates never let ‘Relative Grading’ get in way of it . If you want motivation try thinking about getting MEDAL , imagine getting medal in front of Auditorium and your parents/Guardians seeing this . Think about their happiness. (But Skills>>>>GPA) In Sha Allah there will be a lot of Events in FAST like NASCON you should participate in it but always give the ultimate precedence to your studies . Do not listen to people saying getting good grades and GPA is impossible its hard but achievable In Sha Allah your seniors will guide you through various programs like Buddy Sessions etc. At Last believe in Allah Almighty he is the Ultimate Helper and these are my own experience and opinions you might differ with it. Regards Muhammad Bin Laiq
So I received this email today, can someone tell me if the university will conduct classes tomorrow or just the orientation?

-Is shalwar/kameez allowed on campus(isl) -On first day are we supposed to reach at 8am,or just before our respective orientation. -For any reason if I want to take a few days off who is to be contacted -specific to Islamabad campus  Pls guys these are serious  questions ... Thanks
FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus will be conducting the orientation of Batch 2020 on 15th September, 2020. To ensure the safety of all new students, the orient...ation will be conducted in separate groups to maintain the social distance. Welcome to the FAST Lane! #FASTNU #fastnucfdcampus #Batch2020
Welcome to Batch'20 at FAST-NUCES.  For orientation time, you have to check your mail, the timings are different for every department.  You donot need to bring anything along you. The metro near FAST is still under construction so it is advisable to come via Careem/Uber (if any). You will get to know a lot in your orientation about university 😛, so keep calm.... Last but not the least, FAST has chosen on campus classes for all batches so you don't need to worry about your dues (if any for hostel/transport)
Will FAST Chiniot Faisalabad campus conduct classes for additional maths as I was Pre-medical student?  Anyone from FAST Chiniot Faisalabad campus who got admission in it and was a Pre-medical student.

Need intel regarding the migration process.....that when is the best time to apply for it and for it to be likely approved....
Fast PESHAWAR Anyone can confirm timetable for Batch 2020  No response on email and call from 2 days Sections bhi nai batae abi tak.


For all the girls asking for hostel in Islamabad  This is one of the fast recommended hostels Rehana Kousar Kousar is the warden here you can contact her on the cell number provided
Please approve want to know what this means and has anyone got this email yet  For new batch fall 2020.....?

I need recommendations for girls hostel near FAST NUCS Islamabad.
In the pursuance of the instruction issued by Higher Education Commission , Islamabad and Govt. of Pakistan regarding the SOPs about Covid 19 pandemic, you are all required to fill out the attached affidavit and submit it to your concerned academic Office. Last Date for Submission is 18th September, 2020.
Where near fast isb I can get a good low budget hostel? What's normal range? A lil far from campus will also work.
 Dawn :  https://www.dawn.com/…/82-scholars-sent-abroad-for-phd-skip…
Anyone studying data science from fast kindly comment under this post.

SALAM ACTUALLY I WANNA CONSULT ABOUT FAST I GOT ADMISSION IN FAST ISB IN BS (CS) 92.14%I ALSO SUBMIT MY FIRST HALF INSTALLMENT BUT NOW MOST OF PEOPLE SCARED ME ABOUT FAST THAT SO DIFFICULT THEY FAILED MANY... AS SUCH THING THERE IS AN OPTION OF PU(PUNJAB UNIVERSITY) SO WHAT SHOULD I DO....... I M VERY CONFUSED
I'm selected in BS SE (isb) ..can i switch to CS i have 92% in matric and 82.9% in fsc? And how do i calculate my aggregate?
I have secured my admission in Fast Faisalabad but hostel nahi mil raha agar koi interested ha eik room rent par lene ke liye toh batao? Kiya karna ha aur Kahan Lena ha?I have secured my admission in Fast Faisalabad but hostel is not available. If anyone is interested in renting a room then let me know? What to do and where to take?
Online classes ke baad paishe khidmat hai Online ORIENTATION  🤗🤗 Well EVERYONE BE ON TIME  1ST IMPRESSION IS LAST IMPRESSION ❤️
I got admission in Fast Peshawar in their BSCS program but didn't recieve any email regarding the online orientation. Can somebody tell me why?  Also the last email I got was my roll no slip and since then there is no response from them.




Admin please approve. I got admission in fast karachi in bscs program in august and it has been a month and i still i havent gotten any mail or sms regarding the commencing of classes. Im just worried if its only me. Have anyone else gotten any mails?
Hostels and flats are available for fast lahore students. If any one is interested, he can contact through sms on Whattsapp no. 03014765665
This week the new batch entered FAST-NU which will graduate in 2024. When I look back at my time at FAST, there were quite a few things I wish I had known on my first day at FAST. I created the following presentation for helping CS freshmen survive and thrive especially at FAST. Non-fastian CS freshmen will benefit too, but there might be some adjustments required. Kindly share among CS freshmen if you have any among your friends and family: 

Good Hogya Jee 😊 University will reopen on 15th Sept.

Applications for #DSCFAST Core Team Recruitment (2020-21) are open! 👇 𝗪𝗵𝗮𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗮 𝗗𝗲𝘃𝗲𝗹𝗼𝗽𝗲𝗿 𝗦𝘁𝘂𝗱𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝗖𝗹𝘂𝗯? Developer Student Clubs (DSC) are community groups for students from any academic background in their undergraduate or graduate term. By joining a DSC, students build their professional and personal network, get access to Google developer resources, and work together to build solutions for local problems in a peer-to-peer learning environment. 𝗪𝗵𝘆 𝗷𝗼𝗶𝗻 𝗗𝗦𝗖? - Acquire a certificate by Google - Get direct access to Google resources and community - Gain relevant industry experience by solving problems for local organizations with technology-based solutions - Showcase your prototypes and solutions to your local community and industry leader. - Use Google resources in order to create something which will make an impact on our society - Explore the potential of science and sociality in FAST and Pakistan

Can you transfer your field(from data science to computer science) in fast?


Ab ye exemption test kiya hota ha? MS ProgramNow what is this exemption test? MS Program
How is the electrical department in fast peshawar  Any passout engineers ?  Breif us !

Hello guys I had a question regarding fast How hard is it to garduate from fast? I am in my final year A levels in cs and looking forward to do computer science. Everyone says that fast is best for cs but I hear very scary things like pressure is alot and many people either fail or drop out... I am an above average student. Can you please guide that how hard it is in fast and  how to survive? Thanks
Here are some core and important subjects of computer science. If you want to learn one of theme or want detail of all. Then do follow us. We will cover all in ...detail on insta facebook and youtube. #computerscience #coding #programming #technology #python #programmer #computer #tech #developer #coder #java #javascript #code #Operatingsystem #webdeveloper #softwareengineer #engineering #machinelearning #softwaredeveloper #html #programmers #Datastructure #artificialintelligence #computerengineering #linux #datascience #cybersecurity #programmingmemes #hacking
Is there anyone who gets enrolled in MSCNS. I want to ask about course registration.
Aoa! I just need help with one thing. I am very worried about people saying that studying at FAST is very hectic and they put dc on everything. And fail most of the students.???? Seniors plz guide that these are rumors or not.????


can I get into BS CYBER SECURITY with 2 AS level subject  and 1 A level

Who else received this email? And what's the procedure as I emailed to given email address but no one responded! Anyone from MSCS?
I've cheated my way to 12th grade in math, but it's my deepest regret, I'm giving up on my dreams, i wanted to get admission in a good CS university in Pakistan, but unfortunately my math basic is weak, and I've just started taking 12th grade course I'm so bad i even suck at the basic fraction numbers, i need help.
Can I please get in contact with someone who lives in a hostel in Karachi.


 <New admission MS(CV)> Still, I haven't received my login details for the university academic portal.  Anyone who can guide regarding this issue ?? But i have already reveived the email about the offered courses and  last date (28Aug) for the registration of courses. , The classes will be started from tomorrow 3st Aug.
#MSCS student Suba uni jana hy courses registration k lie. Can seniors please give me suggestions on which subjects i should choose. I came from software engineering background so have 3 deficiency courses theory of automa , assembly lang. And computer architecture.
Asalamu alykum anyone who applied at fast and itu both for mscs/ds and got accepted in both and is now opting for itu? Is ITU's Cs better?


AOA Everyone.. Currently i am in A2 and planning to go for BS in CyberSecurity from Fast. Wanted to know about admission Criteria in FAST.. Website pr tou they have shown that above 60% is eligible but when i searched down this group i saw people getting above 80% and still werent able to get admission so can anyone guide me ke A2 mey kia minimum grades chahye hongey to get admission in my desired field. FunFact BS in Cyber Security is only offered by FAST in Karachi.. Calculated my Olvl equivalency by the method shown on FAST website and it came out 77% Can anyone guide me it will be really helpful  Jazakallah.
Assalam o Alikum! Anyone who needs a hostel for karachi campus  kindly contact the numbers given below.

How can I get in contact with the BOYS hostels near fast peshawar? Affordable options please.
Hostels Near Fast Uni peshawar?

 IEEE Fast Nuces Pwr hopes you are all enjoying your holidays. With COVID-19 fading away, gradually things have starte...d going back to normal, though still for complete back to life, it may take some weeks. To help productively pass time, IEEE FAST NUCES PWR  in collaboration with WIE  has managed to arrange a session on Embedded Systems, the speaker being from our very own faculty, Engr Muhammad Usman Abbasi.
Contents to cover for Applied Programming Exemption Test(MS batch 18) *Basic concepts of OOP programming such as Encapsulation ,polymorphism etc. *File Handling *Data Structures such as lists,linked lists,doubly linked lists,stack,Queue ,Priority Queue  *Hash Function ... *Tree Binary Trees ,binary search trees ,AVL Tree *Cyclomatic Complexity ,Big O,Small O *Graph Search ,Depth Search ,Breath first search  *Spanning Trees ,Minimum Spanning trees     *Recursion and Recursive function
Yar main 2 din phele fast cfd main financial assistance ka interview de kr aya hon to teachers khete k ap ko email kr dia gay ga kia waqi email krtay han?
Assalam o alikum I wanna ask that I am in Saudi arabia right now because I had to come to renew my iqama. So if I return on 18th or 19th sep so will it be trouble for me as I will miss my 3 or 4 classes. (Student of Karachi campus)
FAST Lahore campus ka apna hostel  hy ? Yahan is k qareb koi hostels ?
Yaar ye labs ka kya hisaab hai HOD sahi tarha clarify nahi kar rahe Agar banda course(pre requisite) me pass hai aur lab us ki nahi howi Woh next semester ka course nahi le sakta? Koi samjha sakta hai
Asalamu alykum. Anyone enrolled in mscs at fast? Could u tell which subjects would be studied in the first semester?

How's fast peshawar for bscs? Please share your experiences as we live in karachi so we don't know about the environment and the basically campus life there. Hostel and curriculum?
I got selected in peshawar campus for their bscs program. I got the offer letter but as I live in karachi idk how to proceed further. They have given me the time to submit documents before 24th August. What should I do now?
For MS students! (Admission process) 1. Visit to bank where you or anyone from your family got an account, and ask them to make draft for BCCI FAST NUCES FEE to the given account of Faysal Bank on Admission letter. (Make sure Fee amount is already in account) 2. Make 2 copies of each of your documents I -  Matriculation result II - Intermediate result  III- BS Transcript IV- CNIC V - Admission letter copy  VI- Make copies of bank draft VII- Three passport Size Photo 3. Take original documents with you  4. Visit to campus ASAP because your seats might be over soon and they can reject anytime (as mentioned in Admission Letter)
Assalam-o-Alikum I hope all of you are fine I am selected in MS(CS) program at FAST Islamabad. I wanted to know the timings of MS classes as I am planning to do job along with MS in future.

I was Eligible for BSAI in Islamabad...so yesterday i went and have got admission in BSAI..but they have not sent me  any info about Admission confirmation on my Gmail ...anyone know when they will send me details about admission confirmation? Plz !


Suggest me.. Any good hostel near FAST islamabad??!! Thankyou ♥️


Any good hostels near Faisalabad campus for two people? (Faisalabad campus is not accepting students of new batch to their hostel)

Hey! Can someone please guide me a little. Isn’t fast conducting interviews?  Secondly what does conditionally refer to in this case?
Can Anyone tell me that in Fast nuces Karachi, In 1st semester which programming language is taught and how to prepare for 1st semester before the commencement of classes ?


Assalam O Alaikum, I've taken Admission in BS (CSDF) Program, complete procedure has been done. But today I've received another Offer Letter of BS (SE) Program. Any suggestions what should I do? Should I change my Program? Or my selected Program is better?
Is there a hostel facility in FAST(karachi campus).
Congratulations to everyone out there on getting selected for their desire programs! A very new life with a tremendous experience is awaiting for you all.   This journey will be very unsteady and adventurous, but at the end of the day you'll learn something new. So brace yourself and "Ap nai ghabrana nhi Hy" ;)
What does eligible mean?can i take admission in eligible fields?
Congratulations to those, who got selected in FAST University 🔥  Being a student of Fast Islamabad, I highly recommend you guys to join Fast as it is one of the best institute in Pakistan. You also might hear many negative reviews about Fast but they are mostly coming from those who failed from Fast🙄 Personally Fast main parhai tough h lekin mazza bhi issi cheez main h😂 WTF Welcome to Fast❣️
Hi..this a result of friend of mine, who applied in FAST. But she hasn't received any SMS or email confirmation.. she is really confused. Can anyone help with this confusion of how should she pursue her admission??
Assalamualaikum Friends.. I have been admitted to fast university chiniot campus. I have a question about the university. Is Saturday off in the university or are there classes on Saturday too??
Students can get Consession for the below 2 hostels through my reference. DM for reference. 😜😜😜
As I mentioned earlier, FAST-NU never disclose its merit or merit list publically. If you are eligible to get admission via 2nd/3rd list, you will get Email/SMS from FAST-NU. Now please stop asking and posting about 2nd merit list.

How can I submit form of BS ( SE ) and how can i pay the challan of admission . Tomorrow uni of peshavr will be opened or closed pls guide me any one
Asa I applied for EE(1st Pref) and CS(2nd) in Karachi.. Got selected for EE  Q1) Can I change my field from EE to CS? Q2)I wanted to try out NED and NUST but there process will go till SEPT ; I wanted to Confirm Refund policy that If I pay now and decide to withdraw will I be refunded (100%) ?
How’s the faculty and environment of FAST-Peshawar?
Is there anyone who is going from Karachi to Peshawar as a migrant to study BSCS in FAST?
Kia 2nd merit list karachi campus ke lye lgy gi?
fast university peshawar campus VS university of lahore  for BS Software engineering which one is best?
Join MLSA-Pakistan live on Facebook for the virtual celebration of Independence Day of Pakistan. #IndependenceDay #Pakistan #MSP #mlsa #Pakistan #Microsoft #live
Addmision fees to 20000 the lekn yahan 186500 ?????????






A virtual event organized by #MicrosoftLearnStudentAmbassadors for the love of our #homeland. We will be inviting different speakers to share their love towards... #Pakistan as well as motivation for #Paskistani youth. Date: 14th August, 2020 Timing: 3 pm – 5 pm (Pakistan Time) Joining Link: https://bit.ly/14AugustCelebrations
Most Asked Questions about Admission Policy of FAST (Transfer to another campus) ==> Re-admission in a different Degree Program 3.17) A student of the university who wishes to change the degree program can do so by taking the admission test. After qualifying for admission on merit, the student is  admitted as a NEW student. 3.18) Only credits of relevant courses with at least C grade are transferable, and NOT the ... CGPA earned in the transferred courses.  3.19) The Director of the campus shall recommend each case with full details to the Controller of Examinations for approval.  ==> Transfer to another NUCES campus 3.20) Request of a student for transfer from one campus of the University to another will be  considered only on the following grounds: a) Death of a parent. b) Posting of a parent to the city where the transfer is desired. c) Marriage of a female student. 3.21) The request shall be considered by the competent authority, provided the Directors of both the campuses have no objection to it and that there is a place available in the  destination campus. 3.22) Transfer shall not be considered in the following cases: a) The student is under disciplinary punishment. b) Disciplinary action is pending against the student. c) Dues are outstanding against the student. d) During the course of a semester.
Recommended Hostels for Boys & Girls. 1) Punjab Hostel 2) Awais Hostel 3) Student Hostel ( opposite to Police Assistance Line Industrial Estate Phase 1. Rent: 5000... Mess: 2000 Total: 7000 per student. Note: The Above hostel Sr. No 3 is on walking distance (about 5 minutes from Campus). 
looking for hostel recommendations near FAST Islamabad campus. If you know of any, please share.
any nearest girls hostel near fast campus Lahore?
Salam, I got admission in bs cs Karachi (and everywhere else) and i have paid the fees but i do not have Olevels documents as they are gone for equivalnce and neither Alevels since result is on 11th, will my admission be deterred in any way?
Kl meri sis ka financial aid ka interview tha, usy 50% loan mla pr mjhy ye pochna hy k unho ne hm se kse trh k contract PR sign nh krwaye just ek paper PR 50% lkh kr apny sign krdye.. To ye kis trh ka loan hy js me koe rules regulations nh hy.. Ek or bat k offer letter me original mark sheet required hy to AGR m unhy original de do to kia kse or uni me apply kr pao
Does anyone know what’s the minimum requirement of A-Level result for an admission in FAST NUCES?

Dekho guys Those who’re confused about FAST sub campuses well here’s the thing to clear your doubts  FAST apni faculty equal n fair grounds of education py hire krti hy even for the main campus and sub campuses included, teachers go through alot of interviews and exams to be elected here in FAST the main difference between campuses is  No.of courses Location ... Sort of torture (jisky leye FAST famous hy) Bs that’s it educational ground py yaha koi difference ni hy kisi bhi campus mein there’re societies there’re curricular activities and remember struggle har jgha hy yr coz life isn’t a plate full of fruits. Peace ❤️
pay order faysal bank mein submit krwa ker receipt FAST mein deni hai for admission and for transport direct FAST campus mein jama karwana hai pay order ?
Asking for a friend! If student received FINANCIAL AID INTERVIEW CALL and he is deserving student his father was dead since his childhood and he even don't offord to visit campus for interview! What should he do now? He has called them to take Interview VIA whatsapp or Skype as well but they said you have to visit campus with parents! And other seniors told him that Campus is too away from Karachi and if you joining you may have to face too many difficulties like huge burden ...of assignments, and other works also you have to suffer daily out back with maximum 1 hour drive for one side and after these rumors he decided to leave not to go for interview! I'M ASKING YOU'LL FASTIAN'S, DID HIS DECISION IS GOOD? need great suggestions from you-all soon! Thanks
Waise Pouchna Yeah Tha Ke Main Aj Fast Campus Karachi Main Gya Tha , Mera forum Main Karachi CS ke leye Eligible Tha or Mera Aggregate 84.5% Hain Toh Uno Ne Ek Forum Diya or Bola Ke Kal tak Payment Kardo toh Koi bta Sagta Hain Ke Masla toh Solve Ho Jaiyega Na CS Mil Toh Jaiyega Na.
Anyone who have registered themselves in Fast and paid the fees, i have some queries.  Need Help!!
just recieve this e-mail form peshwar FAST-NU. They said visit our campus with documents by 13 aug. but i'm living karachi. what'll i do? seniours give help plz..
Is there Anyone who has taken the uni test for MS program?? Need some info.  regarding uni selection criteria, bcz  we get the result after test.
any affordable hostel available near islamabad campus?
Ok MS Fellows , How was your Test ?
BBA from FAST khi campus? Good or bad?
Introduction to C++ concepts. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6ZU4aO_3Xd6GQYjAIOoAxg
Did anyone with O/A level background get selected in CS/DS/AI at Islamabad campus?
Yaar jab ma kisi bhi university  ka alumini ya students sa poochta hu wo mujha yahan recommend krti hai aana and encourage me but fast alumni aur students ka pta nhi kia issue hai inho na itna draya hot hai ka ma khood prashan ho jata hu ka kahin galt decision na la lu.tou unhain problem hi na btao blka solution bhi btaya kro so that they got encouraged.please now no negativity about fast.

Assalamualaikum... I have been selected for the admission but there is no info about my financial aid interview . I filled the form about 2-3 weeks ago yet there is not a single message and they have asked me to pay the fee by 12 aug. Kindly help.. Edit: post ki thori der baad call agyi xDDD
I am confused regarding the commencement of classes. According to FAST classes will start from Aug 31, 2020. But will the Government allow it?
A lot of you guys who are eligible for Peshawar campus are asking us about hostels and accommodation.  I will recommend all to get accomodations here.   The rooms are fully furnished with bed ( charpai) and it is only  6 to 8 minutes away from our campus.  Rooms are available for 2, 4, 5,6 persons ( 5000 per person). Indian and english both toilets! No security problems! Book your seats by contacting on given numbers. 
Are there any girls' hostel near FAST Islmabad? Which ones are preferred by the students there? Safety is priority and it doesn't matter if the rents are slightly high.
BSCS from Fast Pwr or BBA from Agriculture Peshawar?
Any chances of 2nd merit list? (karachi campus)
Any fast peshawar student CS  From bahawalpur? Or punjab?
Guys Fast nuces or nust seecs ma admission ho gaya kisma jayun CS ma?
Waiting for comsats to announce their merit list and at same time I dont wanna loose my seat at FAST. Any suggestions on how to go about this situation?
Dear Seniors i have been selected in isb campus for BS (CSDF) but i intend to go for (BSCS). My aggregate is 88.26  keeping previous year practices in view is there any possibility of selection in bscs as there's no option of second merit list so should i wait for call from campus how they will contact in case i get selected.... Expecting positive response from seniors.
I wasn’t selected to Islamabad campus CS, but i was eligible for Karachi CS. So as told by the admins here i emailed them for guidance related to the admission in Karachi, but they didn’t replied in last 2 days. So now what? Should i visit campus, or I’m not getting admission anymore?

Alhamdullilah mera fast Peshawar campus bsse and bscs m name aya hai  Please guide krein k mujy Kia krna chahye bsse ya bscs?
Any chance of 2nd merit list of karachi campus?
I applied for BSCS in Karachi but I am eligible in CFD campus. I have filled the form and they said they will contact me. What should I do now? And how will I know that my seat is secured?
When Freshies enter university without entry test... 😂 @New-Batch-2020 Just a Meme 😝
Any chance of 2nd merit list karachi campus?

Can I get in contact with someone from Karachi studying in FAST Faislabad Campus(BSCS)
Hello everyone, I joined COMSATS Islamabad (in CS) as it was and may be it is still Lumber... Number 1 as per HEC. And mostly people see this side but this ranking is because of its area and some other features which are not too much important for your degree. Then, i was so much disappointed because after one and half semesters, i haven't learned much. Then I joined NUCES and beleive me, I am in peace. No doubt, studies are tough because "Aisy to phr log ni kehty k FAST k banda ha isko YES kro " but you will learn a lot. Moreover, seniors are very cooperative. They helped a lot. Campus life is also too good. NUST jitna ni hota because NUST jitny events yahan hony lg gy to parhai kon kry ga 😛. So don't be afraid and frightened from people's arguments. Do Hard work and Have Faith in Allah.  Good Luck ❤️
Aj kisi ka MSDS ka test hoa hai to kindly share krdain experience nd kch questions k kis trha k thay.. Mine is on 8th august..

 Please submit your request for admission to Peshawar Campus on the following link: https://forms.gle/RhNLJTtEsaia4q2W8. You will contact for further details after 12th August 2020.

Please approve  Mera Faisalabad campus mei eligible aya ha and im from karachi tou mjhy seat secure krny ke lye kia kia krna hoga please guide me
Anyone in Karachi recieved a call from Fast to come to campus in the morning for financial aid interview
For juniors joing this year, you have month to learn basics of programming. Check out Muhammad Usama Umar's channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6ZU4aO_3Xd6GQYjAIOoAxg ... He will be posting videos regarding basic concepts of programming C++.
Can someone tell me if i can apply to any other campus?  My aggregate was 86.65% still couldn’t qualify to Islamabad. Please guide me if i can still choose any other campus?


Which is the best campus of fast after lahore? Also can someone tell me is it worth it to go to some other campus of fast when you can take admission in pucit? Dusra ye ke mera bscs me lhr me nahi hua lekin ma bscs aur bsse pe eligible hoon baqi tamam campus me. Kia procedure hoga apply karne ka.
A.o.A  Q1) I can go for any of the courses that i am eligible for ?  Update : yes i can  Q2) I have to take all my documents to the campus which i want to carry forward and then telll them that this is the course i will be pursuing?  Q3) alevel result has not been announced. Wait krna padega ya u can tell them that we will update as soon as we get the result?
HI Everyone! Please guide me, Apply Islamabad campus main kiya tha but Peshawar Campus main eligible a rha ha. Peshawar main admission mil jaye ga???
 Note: If Anyone Wants to check their admission status they can DM me their ARN.... (Only for Peshawar Campus)
Please approved it  2nd merit list kb aegi ?
BBA (Islamabad Campus) Aggregate: 88.5% Share your aggregates if you got selected.
The following message is for those students who got eligible for Peshawar campus or got conditional message from Peshawar campus " Congratulation you are selected for Peshawar Campus. Please send us an email mentioning that you are eligible to apply for Peshawar Campus along with the details and ARN number at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk Admission Formalities brief email will be send to you in a day or two. Be patient and stay connected. For any query you can contact us on (+92) 3...35 112 8128 or email us at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk" You have to send email with details mentioned above. And wait for their reply. You can visit campus too for admission formalities. But you can also tcs documents they need for your admission.  LAST DATE FOR ADMISSION SECURE IS: 12 AUGUST 2020 CLASSES WILL START BY END OF AUGUST OR FIRST WEEK OF SEPTEMBER. 
Mera CS ma CFD campus aur Peshawar campus dono ma ho ra to kia karo ly lo admission ya koi aur University dakho. Aur fast ka CFD campus kisa ha?
AOA Everyone! I applied for BSCS but didnt get selected. I am eligible for BSSE and would choose this for my degree. So if there's anyone in this group willing to leave their Software Engineering seat kindly dm me.  I also want details about how the transfer takes place.  Thankyou

Koi bata sakta hai last year BSCS ki 2nd merit list lagi thi? And agar lagi thi tou kitna % drop hua tha?
 #msftStudentAmbassadors #msla #microsoft
For Now Closing Merit of FAST (CS): 89 above for Islamabad 90-91 above for Lahore 84 above for Karachi For Faisalabad and Peshawar Campus it is in 70's.
#need_guidance Mera FAST PESHAWAR meim  BS(SE) MEIN aya ha? Kya krna chahye?

Want to be select bba in Karachi. What about financial aid scholarship??
Am i required to submit original results of O levels ? Equivalency bannay ka lia dena hai  One more thing equivalency ka lia statement of result jayegi ya general certificate jayega?
Please *DO NOT* post your aggregate to ask about your admission confirmation. No one knows merit and  No post is going to be approved regarding this. I have already posted FAQ's about it. So keep Patience and wait for result. 
#Serious_Note... Ma na Fast Call ki or poucha ka mera 87 agg tha pr Lahore nahi aya nam Cs ma or Faislabad ma eligible aya toh kia krna ho ga mzeed unho na kha ya toh 12 se phely Fasilabad aa kr apply krna ho ga ya phir 12 ka baad ka wait krna ho ga agr Lahore Seat khali ho gi toh name ajye ga. Pr agr Ma faislabad ka apply krta hoon toh lahore ka cancel ho jaye ga or agr lahore nam na aya toh na fsd ka rhon ga na lahore ka #What_should_I_do ?
Aoa. Kia koi bata sakta ha ke lhr campus me bscs aur bsse ka lowest merit kia bana ha? TIA
Islamabad Campus ke qareeb Hostels Hain Aur Name kia hain inke

Dear Students,  Please calm down we are arranging a live session regarding admission queries tonight. So don't panic. We will be live within 30 Minutes! Thanks
Merit ~ 95% .Can anyone tell me about the scholarships .....and how to apply for them.

Guys this is the screen of someone who has 90.805% aggregate (o/a levels student with 82.55% at olevels). He applied in BSCV, can anyone tell who got accepted and with what aggregate in BSCV? This guy just got his equivalence certificate (delayed due to covid, academic office told to submit a pdf stating calculated equivalence marks) and submitted it when the University sent him an email on August 3rd to send amd attach his documents with the reply to email. Do you think this is because of the late submission of documents?

Aoa, koii bta skta agar first preference mein agar naam na aiye toh 2nd ya 3rd preference mein issy list mein aiyega ya 2nd list ka intizar krna pryga?


agar hamara abhi kisi campus ma eligible likha nahi a raha or ma wahi jana chata hon tu kia 2nd merit list ma us ma eligible ho sakta hon

Hi everyone!  This post may not be as relevant to FAST admissions as others but I think it's still a great learning and networking opportunity especially if you have been selected for batch 2020 or are planning to The FAST Production Society is arranging Workshops on Graphic Design, Photography and Videography. The courses are only 6 lectures long each (at max). Today is the last day to register. - Participation is FREE, 🎉 - Instructors from all over Pakistan will deliver lectures, 🌏 - Digital Certificate will be provided. 🏆 We will email, SMS and WhatsApp the details to our participants, through our official respondents. We hope you learn and enjoy our sessions! Follow up us on instagram and facebook for the latest updates  Registeration Link: https://forms.gle/oizKkmppYEzW4Bfr9
 Merit list of qualified candidates for BS (CS, SE, EE) will be announced tonight at 11:00 PM. Stay Connected.  For queries, call our Helpline at +92 335 1128128 or Email us at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk
Yeh Jo blanks box hain Jahan par na eligible likha hay na he not selected Kya is ka mtlb yeh hay Kay 2nd ya 3rd list mein eligibility Kay chances hain please koi bta do or kindly koi yeh bi bta do agar apply Karachi mein Kiya hay or eligible Peshawar Kay liye hay to Kya Peshawar mein admission lay saktay hain

The Merit for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS have been announced  for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results. For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk

Guys you have to wait ... Sabr... There are thousands applicants this year and all are trying to open website at same time. Website is down due to extra traffic. 😊
In the coming week, a lot of you people might be facing a point to choose Computer Science or Software Engineering as a field. Being a victim of this situation, I would like to ask everyone to make a thorough research before selecting either field as a professional career.  Software Engineering mostly teaches you about the life cycle of a software product. Starting from the clients needs and ending up to the delivery to a client along with its maintenance. It's sort of Softwa...re project Management; programming is just a part of it.  However, Computer Science is more towards development. Courses related to management of software comes as elective here. If you choose this as your major, I would highly recommend you to learn basics of C++ (programming Language) before joining. These basics include : Variables, loops, functions and data structures etc.  Since, FAST is offering it the first time, things are not going to be much different. Both programs are going to be very similar.

mainay 2 disciplines dalay thay 1. CS 2.cyber security  Agr comp sci main mera first list main name ni ata to mujhe cyber sec de dain ge ya 2nd list ka wait krain ge k us main hojaye CS main?
Hi, I want to ask that I am pre-medical student and I want to take admission in bscs. Which universities allow that? I have already applied at Comsats and Fast. Please suggest some universities.
FAST Karachi  ke disciplines accredited hain PEC sai ya nahi ?
What is the chance of one getting good financial aid? Interview me kis type ke questions puche jaate hain aur kis type ke answers dene hote hain. Kindly tell me how can one prepare for interview. Kindly do share your experience 😊
Received a text from FAST..what does this test mean..is that how they’re calculating merit..if so than how will they calculate math marks of fsc pre med students ?
89.46 aggregate !! Lahore campus CS any chance ?
Revised Admission Schedule -- BBA , BS(A&F), BS( CS, SE, EE, CV, CSDF, AI, DS ) selected candidates will be announced tomorrow at 11:00 PM. Check your results here : http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/AdmissionResult/Login.aspx Best Of Luck 😊

Important Announcement! The Declaration of Selected/Test Qualified Candidates for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS will be announced on 5th August (Wednesday) at 11:00 PM. For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk
I applied in FAST on the basis of both Gat and Nu test. Gat is to be held on 23 and fast  on 10 what if mn NU test na don to kia  gat ki base py ho jay ga admission. Interviews 21sy 22 tak hn means Gat sy phly . To wo concider krein gn Gat ko plz guide..

 --> Join us on an interactive session on 29th July 2020 at 6:00 PM (PST) organized by NUCS. This webinar is primarily for new batch (FSC / O-LEVEL) students on the topic of "Starting your career in computing."  --> Panelists are (Haasha Bin Atif and Rabbia Ijaz). --> Click on the link to register for the webinar (Free) : https://forms.gle/tQqYvxAjKxEHyDAv9
Can any body help me with the essay writing? Which we have to do before starting our test .... I am not sure about the essay topic, format, amount of words. Thank you  . Program = MSCS
This New Merit Computation Criteria is for Engineering Disciplines accredited with PEC (BSEE & BSCV)...  -- Computing Department, ( BBA & A&F ) their merit computation will be according to policy announced earlier.


FAST Islamabad ke disciplines accredited hain PEC sai ya nahi ?

Here are some FAQ's.  1. People are posting their aggregate and asking about admission? A) FAST never shows the merit list and aggregate. Each student gets his/her offer letter privately. B) This time as admissions are only on the basis of your inter and matric marks so no one have idea about the merit. 2. How many students get admission? A) FAST Isb campus has increased number of seats. For CS, 400 seats and for AI, DS there are 50 50 seats. 3. Hostel? A) FAST has no hostel (isb and lhr). You have to accommodate in private hostel 4. Medical Students can apply? A) Yes, but you have to clear exam of Mathematics either from concerned board or from University. 5. Should we choose FAST? A) Yes, you should choose FAST because of value of its degree and demand. The education, syllabus and work of FAST is very unique and challenging than NUST, COMSATS etc. 6) Campus life? A) The campus life depends upon campus to campus. The life at Islamabad campus is very excellent and probably best amount other campuses. Good Luck for your admission.  For other queries, comment below.
Assalam o alikum.  All the BBA students study specialization programs in last semesters for example in human resource management(HRM) , Marketing,, Finance etc. I am a student of BBA department in comsats university. I was thinking of doing specialization in supply chain management. Is this a good field or not w.r.t sallary in pakistan and foreign countries  ???? Can anyone please guide ?????? Any seniors ????????

No entrance test for all undergraduate

"The world is moving so fast, that if do not educate yourself, you will not only be left behind but will also be no more." - Quaid-e-Azam, M.A. Jinnah Happy Ind...ependence Month, #Pakistan🇵🇰 #MSP #MSP_FAST_NUCES #BleedGreen #PakistanZindabad🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰
Bhai jinho ny fast nuces my financial aid k lyay apply Kiya Hy Un ko 1st semester ki fee jma krwany k baad koi aur fee to ni jma krwani pry gi In hostel ki facility available ho gi kya
Salam..my aggregate is 81.9%..what chance is it there for me to get admission in BS SE? And what kind of interview will they conduct?
The date to apply at FAST is up... Best wishes for all those who applied at FAST this year. ✌✌



Khi fast bscs. M bchon ko fail kiyon krty hn??
I have applied in fast for CS or SE and my aggregate according to formula is 80.59. Can I get admission in Lahore campus. Please seniors guide me
 Let's listen up to what... our Fellows have to say about their amazing experience👇
Aoa. Ap logo se puchna tha ke fast ka form fill karte waqt additional maths ke numbers original numbers me add kar ke dalne hain? Koi alag se ad maths ki option nahi a rahi. Dusra ye ke agar numbers original numbers me add karke dalne ha to phir kia pictures bhi fsc aur ad maths ke result card ki sath dalni ha?
FInancial aid form mein hamein parents waghera ki income after expenses batani hai like after payment of house rent waghera ya before expenses wali batani hai?
Update Fast Schedule
Hello Juniors, Who Found FAST NUCES in the list and then (s)he is here! 😂❤️

MS (ACCOUNTING & FINANCE) at FAST School of Management offers specialization through the appropriate choice of courses in Finance and Accounting streams. The pr...ogram is suitable for fresh graduates, experienced & working professionals with flexible timings. Last Date to apply is 30th July, 2020. To apply now visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/



 #MSP-Microsoft Student Partner program in #Pakistan is working under the umbrella of #HEC-Higher Education Commission to enhance... the skills of students. Now Microsoft Certification Program has fully launched and will be available to all the students in #Pakistan from the platform of Higher Education Commission.  Now you can prepare for the course and schedule / appear for its exam from the convenience of your home. This is the great learning and skill set opportunity of Microsoft Certifications that is #Free_For_Students!  This opportunity is specially for all those students who are currently enrolled in HEC recognized universities in Pakistan. Certifications and the process to apply is attached. So what're you waiting for? Register yourselves now on the HEC website and also fill up the form attached below as soon as possible because selection will be on first come first serve basis!
What should some one do if she forget her admission password and I have applied for forget password it was written that your password will be updated in next 24hrs and it's been 22 hrs uptil now and the password has not been updated
Guys meray pass olevels ki equivalency hai which is 85% but meray pass alevels ki equivalency nahi hai aur mai fast mai apply kerraha hoon plz guid me i live in qatar.....
FAST School of Management invites you all to join a Virtual Open House (Facebook Live Session) for MBA Program offered for Relevant Degree Graduates (BBA, BSAF ...etc.) and Non-Relevant Degrees Graduates (BSCS, BSEE, etc.) The Programs Coordinators and Senior Faculty Members are looking forward to answering all your questions/ambiguities.
This UNICEF Certificate can be yours! Apply for UNICEF Free Online Courses. There is no fee for courses. Everyone from any country can enroll in these courses. ...A certificate will also be given at the end of the course. These courses will help increase your knowledge and skills. Eligibility Criteria: -Everyone from any country around the globe can apply. -No age limit. -No academic background restriction. Apply Now 🔗 https://bit.ly/unicef-free-online-courses For latest updates please Join WhatsApp Group https://chat.whatsapp.com/GVxhk322ad0GnceVmlWnCo
Hello. I have a very important question. I hope as many people as possible can answer this. On this link given by Fast (http://www.nu.edu.pk/Admissions/OALevelEquivalance) the total marks given for O Levels is 800, but when filling my undergrad application, the total marks given by the system is 900. Can someone tell me what I should do? Thanks

🇨🇦 The Canadian dream is still alive  as Canada  continues to welcome immigrants 🤗. Watch the video about trends in Canada immigration in first half of 2020 and... what the future holds for prospective immigrants. For free assessment of your eligibility, contact our Toronto-based Canadian team!
I have applied for FAST Karachi since two weeks haven't got the SMS conformation yett
Hi! This is for research purposes, targeted at undergraduates and students deciding to join a CS university. Would need 5-6 minutes of your time and your opinion. Please feel free to answer the below questions. Skip any you don't like to answer. Single sentences to a paragraph are all welcomed. 1. What common questions do you have about CS? 2. What common questions do you have about a career? About SE vs CS? About how to grow yourself? What exactly bothers you? 4. Is the first year of your uni life stressful for you, or have you already made plans? Are you prepared or unprepared about what you should learn or do? 5. Do you think the curriculum is burden some? Do you think it should be changed? Is it just fine?   6. Is there a good balance between self learning and your studies? Does your CS Uni give you enough time? 7. Where do you think your Uni lacks? What do students want to see more?  ---- 

Our admission for fall 2020 are now open. Visit our website for more information: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/  Last Date to apply is 30th July 2020, so hurry!
Hello. I have done O & A levels, and I'm trying to apply to FAST and in the online form I have to insert my marks. The problem is that I dont have equivalency; my certificate has grades listed, not marks. So can someone please tell me what I should do? If i'll apply for equivalency, then when I will get my equivalency, the deadline for application will have passed.
Is Grading in DLD course still absolute or relative ??
Ma ma apply kiya hay bs electric engineering kay liy Islamabad campus main... Aggregate kesay nikalna 1013 in matric and 425 in fsc part one..
*LIVE SESSION #2 ALERT* Got queries regarding Student Visa and 476❓ Join our group for more updates: https://www.facebook.com/groups/194811188604158/?ref=share
 https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdvSErMHpVsEGMfJ…/viewform… #businessmodelcanvas #businessplan #entrepreneurship #leanstartup #startup #youngentrepreneurs #businessplanning #valueproposition

 We have to apply in each campus separately or just in one campus?? Explain plz


8 days left to the BS, MS and PhD admissions deadline!  Apply now and become a part of state-of-the-art learning and multidisciplinary research and innovation.  Application deadline: July 30th, 2020 Apply here: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/

>>> Taghayyur online Fellowship <<<
konkon fast university mein electrical engr mein admission lena chahta ha jis ka aggregate 75+ ho

Assalam u alikum  Very curious question If i have put any subject on first preferece and 2nd guy have puttin same subject in 2nd preference and that 2nd guy have scored more marks then me who will they select first?!

AOA! merri percentage ssc or hsc ki avg. Around 55 h, kia mera admission BBA ya or kissi program me hoskta h?
We're now live with the alumni of Electrical Engineering department, Mr. Saad Kashif, Mr. Muhammad Hassam Arshad, Ms. Aroosa Umair, Mr.Masood Aslam & Mr. Waqar Baig, faculty member of Department of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus.



BS CYBER SECURITY AND DIGITAL FORENSICS or BS CS main se kis ka merit high hota hai FAST ISLAMABAD main?



 I am an A level student so according to criteria of Fast my equivalence percentage is approx 94% (not bragging or exaggerating). I am interested in pursuing cyber security course in bachelor's degree.  Is there are 100% confirmation that I will be able to get the seat in respected field in Fast University because I haven't considered any other university apart from Fast.
New classes of O level starts from 15 july No registration fees Charges in group ... 1 subject   = Rs 5000 2 subjects = Rs 8000 3 subjects = Rs 10000 Online classes on zoom
The BBA structure at FAST keeps in mind the dynamically changing work environment and the demanding need for all-rounded employees. Join the BBA program to be f...ully prepared to put your best foot forward in the job world. To more information visit:  http://nu.edu.pk/Program/BBA To Apply now visit:  http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/



Our admission for fall 2020 are now open. Visit our website for more information: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/  Last Date to apply is 30th July 2020, so hurry!

The declaration of selected candidates had to be announced today? Where is the list?

FAST ma financial aid kis base par milti ha. Aur agr Financial aid mil jae to fee actual fee se kitne percent kam hoti ha . Please Guide!
Finally 😍  Source: https://drive.google.com/…/1nFkss39MK2GHVfQQ1Nj0DCbf-…/view…
Hello guys , I've applied for fast Islamabad on NTS basis and Open Merit , but the site didn't ask me about my NTS result pic or roll No, is it fine? Or I should contact fast?
Ksi ko ya msg aaia haa???? I already uploaded my documents



A levels students ka quota system hota ha? like seats reserved for A levels students?
 Dr. Imran Khan (Batch 7), Institute Fresnel, France (Present), Member of LISA scientific consortium. Early stage researcher at Italian National Institute of Nuclear Physics, Past member of Virgo scientific collaboration (Italy) and LIGO/Virgo scientific collaboration  Muhammad Asad Ullah (Batch 13), Research Assistant, 6G Flagship Ambassador, University of Oulu, Finland Founder, Study Catch
Salam, I am applying for MCS admissions. I want to prepare for the admission test. Can anybody guide about the subjects to study for the computer science part. Thanks in advance.
https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScf6d-BEvXTnsgR3…/viewform… Guyz I am student of fast its my mba thesis about consumer behaviour I need responses all over Pakistan


mera 77 percent ban raha merit kia mera electrical engineering mein fast islamabad mein ho jaye ga is saal plzz bta dein.agar chances hain to kitne percent hainMy merit is becoming 77 percent. Will my electrical engineering be fast in Islamabad this year please tell me. If there are chances then how many percent are there

I passed pre medical. I was going to take additional math exams this year but the exams are canceled But now i want to take admission in Bscs which uni allow me to take

TECHLEADZ is hiring a WORDPRESS BACK END DEVELOPER !!! Send your resume at HR@TECHLEADZ.COM. Please type JOB TITLE in the subject and mention your CURRENT and EXPECTED salary in the email body.
TECHLEADZ is hiring a PHP DEVELOPER !!! Send your resume at HR@TECHLEADZ.COM. Please type JOB TITLE in the subject and mention your CURRENT and EXPECTED salary in the email body.

My First night at Hostel . :D


Salam every one i am Faraz new in this group anyone from master data science student here? Please reply asap
 Anyone plz guide me Which is the best UNiversity for BSCS with low fee High Study Quality Many Scholarships giving: PUCIT


According to WHO (World Health Organisation), COVID-19 causes damage to the lungs and as a result, one in six people becomes seriously ill and can develop breat...hing difficulties. To alleviate this, a ventilator is used to push air, with increased levels of oxygen into the lungs. There is a serious shortage of ventilators all across Pakistan. Therefore, Saaya is calling out for donations for ventilators needed at different hospitals of Karachi. Please come forward and play your part in saving a life! 
Assalamoalikum .  ANYONE IS DOING MSDS FROM FAST SO PLEASE GUIDE ME FOR THE ADMISSION TEST.
Yesterday one of my friend having final exam of his university which was online based  I feel pity on him because right after finishing his exam he just wanted ...to submit that paper but Thanks to K-electric light gone and he can’t submit that paper Then he rushes towards my home because he had only left 15mins to submit the exam else he will considered failed and all his 6 months and 8 hours gonna in vain. Just because of K-electric. who else faced this issue ? I request all the universities to look into this matter  #PTA #K-electric look into this matter rather than Banning pubg  #Unbanpubg and Ban #onlineclasses #onlineexam

One Day you will realize that Materialistic Things mean Nothing💰🏠🚗  All that Matters is the well-being of the People in your Life❤️😇
Due to the Covid19 situation in the country the fee increase has been suspended for Fall 2020 Semester.



I'm a student of MS'19 batch from Islamabad Campus. I think your interview will be just like orientation for 20's batch.


Skilled Recognized Graduate visa 476 is for the recent engineering graduates that allow them to live, study or work in Australia for up to the duration of 18 mo...nths. This visa provides fresh engineering graduates with full working rights to acquire related skills and workplace experience.


 Positions open for Business Development Manager! 2 STAGE ONLINE INTERVIEW. . Both Male and Female can apply for the job.
Apart from filling the application form for admission in Fast, what are the additional documents required like domicile?  If yes , when are we supposed to provide it.

ASSALAMU ALAIKUM If i put 4 preferences will i get selection in only first preference (if my aggregate meet the criteria) or will i get selection in more then one preferences?
 Guys, the dynamics of admissions have changed this year and aggregate will be computed without Entry Test this time due to which comparing Aggregate of this year with those in the past is completely wrong. I totally agree that you want to know before hand that whether there is a chance for you to get admission in XYZ Campus of FAST with your XYZ Aggregate but ...that isn't possible in this year.
After Exams, students be like 🤣🥳
If we apply for MS programme on basis of both GAT and NU test, will they consider the best score out of these two? or are there separate seats GAT and NU basis? can anyone tell please. Thanks




Representing Pakistan in competitions have always been one of the thing I always wanted to do , and winning it was a dream that came true today , With the Help ...of Allah and constant support from Ammi baba Maqsood Mehdi Samia Jamil, Worthy walk was listed in the top 10 Solutions all over the globe . And this was not possible without the help of the great team and each every single individual who have helped me bring this start up to this stage .   Winners list: https://events.withgoogle.com/dsc-solution-ch…/2020-winners/


 - This event is free of cost... - Limited seats are available. - Pre Registration is mandatory For online registration please click on the link: https://forms.gle/6WAmMmFtQ35PUQR36
Due to no admission test this year how and when will we get information regarding admission. I am applying for MS. Any official here guide me.
AOA  Anyone From Bs software Engineer here?
Join us for a live session on Wednesday, 1st July at 8:00 pm and connect directly with Dr. Muhammad Tariq; Director of FAST-Peshawar campus and Dr. Omar Usman Khan; incharge admissions office. Get all your questions about admissions, studies, scholarships and experience @ FAST answered. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now!  To apply visit: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/ ... For further details, inbox us now or visit our website: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/ 
Bachelors of Business Administration (BBA) at FAST School of Management promises higher level employ-ability at the entry level of management profession by help...ing them excel in professional and personal development. For more details, visit: bit.ly/fsmlhr2020 Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #FSMLhr #BBA
Any one can help me  In admission from of fast HSSC are mentioned kiyani hum part 1 par click karain ya part 1 2 par iss saal sub ko pass kart diya hai?



 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/


BRAIN was the first PC virus invented by two 🇵🇰🇵🇰 PAKISTANI ALVI Brothers. It infected boot sector of floppy disk. What an achievement 👌.



**Universities will be reopened after 15 July** Reaction of University students 😂❤️

My aggregate is 83%.Am I eligible for admission in Software Engineering in Fast-Islamabad? Also I wanted to inquire if Software Engineering in Islamabad campus is PEC(Pakistan Engineering Council) recognized or not?
 𝗢𝗻𝗹𝗶𝗻𝗲 𝗔𝗱𝗺𝗶𝘀𝘀𝗶𝗼𝗻 𝗙𝗼𝗿𝗺: www.admissions.szabist.edu.pk/
 Those students who already registered in NET-2, your test is most likely to be conducted in first/second week of August! Stay tuned for more updates. Team University Expert!


 Join our online and offline ISTQB trainings & consultancy programs by experts.
Admission form submit kia tha online lekin koi confirmation nahi aaye? Kisi aur k pas ai hai ?
FAST walay on orientation day be like:
 Mr Rizwan ul Haq is an erp project manager in Al Mutlaq United Co. We are delighted to invite him in our show. He'll be givin...g you a session and also answering your questions regarding erp application system and how we must consider it as a tool. Also he might be guiding how one with little bit of experience can apply for a job in gulf region.Dont forget to join tomorrow, at 9:00pm REGISTER FOR CERTIFICATE----> https://forms.gle/Rr5Rx9EKeGGQLHfaA
Aggregate is 79.03 mera bscs karachi campus ma hojaegha?



Asalam o alakium puchna tha k mere dost.ma 58% Aggregate hai tou usse AI department Mai admission mil sakta hai ?
I'm an A levels student looking to apply to FAST and I have an O levels equivalence of 83.11% and a SAT-1 score of 1390 and a SAT-2 Maths score of 770. Should I apply on open merit to CS at Lahore campus or should I apply on the basis of my sat score. And am I supposed to enter my raw score in the SAT section because they have provided us with two boxes for the English section score but we get our English score combined of the two sections
Fast ki fee zyada hai. Kya scholarships mil jata hai?

We are seeking an experienced Senior Mobile Software Engineer to join our rapidly growing organization. In this role, the Senior Mobile Software Engineer will help build data driven mobile applications using google cloud based technologies. The selected candidate will embrace the opportunity to be part of a highly talented continuous delivery organization. The selected candidate will be responsible for designing processes, building applications, testing, monitoring, and all o...ther activities necessary to ship high quality code in an Agile environment. • Exceptional software engineering knowledge OO Design Principles. • 5+ years of software development experience, focusing primarily on mobile and/or backend. • Solid understanding of OOP, CS fundamentals and modern architectures.
Hello, is there any MSCS student of Fast Nuces Lahore Campus I want some information related to MS?
For those who want to decide in Computer Science (CS) and Software Engineering (SE), First I will talk about CS, If you dream to become machine learning expert and learn the advancements of computer science than this field almost touches every field of study that is related to computer technology it is a vast field which keeps portions of all major fields like AI, Data Science, Cyber Security, Block-chain and much more, CS is no doubt best field generally, you can do research... oriented tasks or freelancing. Software Engineering is too much focused on Software development processes which are too booring for some people and could be very interesting for others and also there is not too much to code, but in the end they prepare you for management oriented tasks and your software analysis skills and requirement engineering will be very good, which is main requirement in those companies which are too much focused to follow software standards and want you to write best piece of code, However you do study some software engineering courses in CS as well. In Pakistan CS and SE both are treated equally and SE things are far gone when you implement code qk idr har kaam main "Juggaar" hi chalta hai, except some multinational companies which are very few. I am not discouraging anyone SE also has it has benefits, but chose wisely.  I am CS student if you want to know more about CS, you can dm me as well. 
 They are on a hope that once they graduate, they'd be aware of CS or become an Entrepreneur or would be able to get a good job (whatever their goal might be)... Ive talked to people from several Universities and the fun part is that all of them claimed that THEIR UNIVERSITY is the MOST DIFFICULT to su...rvive in(Except a few).
mera 77 percent ban raha merit kia mera electrical engineering mein fast islamabad mein ho jaye ga is saal plzz bta dein.agar chances hain to kitne percent hain..
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
We have been getting a lot of queries regarding FAST Admission 2020. Here are 11 things that you need to know when you start applying for FAST - National Univer...sity of Computer and Emerging Sciences. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Officially FAST Nu cancelled NU Entry test due to COVID-19. SO alot of students asking now how calculate aggregate? Generally i heard and asked from teacher about aggregate calculation ... Teacher replied; may be aggregate will be calculate on basis of 50% part1 or fsc marks amd 50% matric marks. Now a huge question is raised in mind of alot students that what will be the closing merit excepted?. Ans is no one know or expect abnout merit of this year........ So how we know about expected merit list? I have 1 solutions... All of students who's applying in FAST Nu please comments your aggregates. consider it that's how much chances you have in FAST nu. I think in any campus there are 150 to 200 seats (i m not sure) for BSCS programs .
Sirf 100 seats aur itnay candidates



Yrr i cant find the application form for fast karachi its mentioning ka admission closed  Can anyone guide me?



does anyone has merit list of bscs 2019
FAST also have PhD Electrical Engineering program..
Facebook Live! Virtual Open House: BBA & BS(A&F) at FAST School of Management by senior faculty members and program coordinators. Time: 2:00 PM
Ma na fast uni ma apply kyia hai g.. Aur aysa kyia hai. Mujy conformation mrssage nhi aya. Apply hoya hai k nhi bhai logo bata do
is saal isb campus ka electrical engr ka exepected merit kahan tak ho skta ha agr kisi ko koi idea ho to plzz bta de
 Is there any sample test for Master in Data Science?

ye kyoun raha ha abhi to result nahi aya


Department of Computer Science at FAST NUCES Lahore offers well structured programs that equips the students with technical knowledge and develop understandings... of the industries and its challenges. For more details, visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/cs/ Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #ComputerScience #BSCS #MSCS
is saal isb campus ka electrical engr ka exepected merit kahan tak ho skta ha agr kisi ko koi idea ho to plzz bta de



is saal isb campus ka electrical engr ka exepected merit kahan tak ho skta ha agr kisi ko koi idea ho to plzz bta de
For applying in NU, should i submit 1st year result or whole fsc result? In website its written that 50% weightage of Matric and 50% weightage if HSSC-1.
kisi ko pata ha ke is saal fast isb mein eleectrical ka expected merit kahan tak ja skta ha
Agg. 74% any chance in SE in lahore campus

We present to you the logo for the newly convened LUMS Data Science Society! 🎉
i have 77 %aggregate kia koi chances hai isb campus mein electrical enginnering ke plz koi bata de

 Obaid Iqbal is a managing  sales team in Hapag Lloyd Pakistan. We are delighted to invite him in our show. He'll be giving yo...u a session and also answering your questions regarding Supply Chain and how an engineer should look into this field. Dont forget to join tomorrow, at 8:30pm REGISTER FOR CERTIFICATE----> https://forms.gle/Rr5Rx9EKeGGQLHfaA
Masters of Business Administration (MBA) at FAST School of Management is suitable for fresh graduates, experienced and working professionals with 16 years of ed...ucation.  Students with business degrees (BBA, BS-AF, BS-Business etc.) as well as non-business degrees (e.g. BS Engineering, BS, MA, etc.) are encouraged to apply. Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020

Department of Electrical Engineering at FAST NUCES Lahore delivers quality engineering education through dedication to teaching by developing state of the art c...urriculum, grounded in scientific. For more details, visit https://bit.ly/Lhr-EE Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #ElectricalEngineering #EE #BSEE #MSEE
Aoa mane bscs KY liye apply Kiya ha mgr koi admission fee b nai ha or kah Rai nts KY test hoga bahioo Zara bata dena Yaha py Kiya rules hn please


Asalamolikum,Ic baar fast University k admission criteria Kiya Hy? Marks: 83.8% ,83.6% Matric& fsc respectively Any chance in CS or SE in Islamabad campus?
HEC K Samnay Student Kafaan Pehan Kar Ay gy , Dharna Daiiny ka Elan #onlineclasses #Nofee #universitystudent


Ma na fast ka lya apply kyia tha mra ghalti sa spring ma apply hu gya hai ab fall ka lya apply nhi hu rya hai koi solution hai kia bhai. Ma boht prashan hu is waja sa
 Question #1: Is S/U option available for FYP/MS Project/MS Thesis?  Answer: No, only letter grade. Question #4: For evaluation based on Satisfied or Unsatisfied, will there be any exam or evaluation criteria?  Answer: Yes, see answer to Q #2. Question #5: What is the option for students who want their GPA to be calculated in a course?  Answer: They should opt for letter grade in that course. Question #6: Are we allowed to choose different options for different courses?  Answer: Yes. Question #7: Unsatisfied means that we have to repeat the course in next semester(s)?  Answer: Yes, course will have to be repeated and passed. However, GPA will not be affected by the U grade. Question #9: Grade U means fail; will it affect GPA?  Answer: U will not affect GPA, however, the course will have to be repeated and passed to be counted in the earned/completed credit hours. Question #10: What is the procedure to drop the course/courses?  Answer: Login to your Flex account and record your choices. Question #11: If I am given an S/U grade, will it have an impact when I apply for admission or scholarship abroad? Answer: Probably not, as every country is affected by COVID-19. However, there are no guarantees. Question #12: I failed the OOP course last semester, can I opt for S/U grade in the current semester? Answer: No. The S/U option is not available for repeat courses, except where the previous grade(s) is W. 

FAST School of Management offers Bachelors. Masters and PhD programs that intend to produce managers and business administrators to face multi-dimensional and c...omplex real-life business problems.  For more details, visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/fsm/ Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #FSMLhr #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD



REVISED Admission Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, the...re will be no Admission Test for bachelor programs this year. To apply online, please visit: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
A.O.A everyone plz koi guide kar sakta ha ka is bar fast ka test nahi hona or jab in ka form fill kara to wo sirf aik hi campus ma happy karna ki choice da raha ha  agar kisi na 2 campuses ma apply karna ho to wo kia kara plzzzzzz guide urgently




This is called Unity <3 Mention your exams Squad


Completed my online form filling but now getting no option, how to submit it?

Can I.com students apply for bs computer science programs in any uni?? Asking for a cousin
Anyone can tell me? BSCS, IT, BSSE which one is better?? Please guide me..

Fast ka BBA kesa ha ? Agar sahi nai ha to konsi uni syh karna chiye ?? (Khi campus) PS:- Except IBA and CBM


A friend of mine was registering for new admission, but it still showed this. Asking about the test type jabke there are no entrance test this time. Kya karna hai iska?

What is #Deed Agreement? Its a affidavit submitted by the students after their final selection. سکالرشپ میں سلیکشن کے بعد HEC یونورسٹی کے Through سٹوڈنٹس سے  سٹ...اپ پپر پر کچھ پوائنٹس دستحط کرواتے ہیں ،جس میں ذیادہ تر  وہ وجوہات ہوتےہیں جس کی وجہ سے اپکا سکالرشپ  cancel ہو سکتاہے(جو نیچے تصاویر میں موجود ہیں۔) #نوٹ: سلیکشن کے بعد یہ Agreement  اپکو اپنے یونورسٹی کے طرف سے ملے گا۔ #ڈبل_نوٹ: ای میل سینڈ نہ ہونے کا ٹینشن نہ لے، مسلہ HEC کی سرور میں ہیں، اپ بار بار  Try کریں دعاؤں میں یاد رکھنا۔
I passed Fsc Pre-Med in 2019 by securing 1006/1100. I could not take admission in MBBS. But I am fond of BSCS. I am interested in Computer Science. I was  giving additional math exams. But the exams have been cancelled. Nonw whta should i write in place of the HSSC(|+||) in online application? whether previous or what???? what should i  do please guide me anyone😥


Ab to itu ne bhi allow kr dia ha ye fast walo ko pta ni kya msla ha within one year additional maths paper dena ka kah rahay hain board ke😡😡


Bhai mathematics  is case sensitive  subject.  Be careful There is different  between  "None" and "none"😜😜😜😜😜


I have applied for BS Artificial Intelligence. And also for Financial Aid. I need details about financial aid scholarship. How much is it??? I belong to A 4th/5th class family. And in Pakistan there is none other uni is best for Artificial Intelligence.... What should i do?? Because I cant much fee. In matric i have 80% ICS part-1  =400 Plz guide me
Is there any increase in charges for selecting more than one Academic Discipline for Admission in Fast ? Anyone can tell me?
We are here to facilitate your application process. Here is a simple video of how to apply online for Admissions 2020! Complete your application now! http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Assalam o Alaikum Anyone can please tell me? Kya BSCS mai admission lene kelye UET-ECAT ka test dena hoga?



 Hey is having Five years of experience in construction of algorithms for optim...ization problems,network evolution, Industrial software Development and Hybrid technologies. CS Academic Background from PAF-KIET,  Research papers about optimzation in cryptography with Dr Salman Ahmed khan at PAF-KIET, Certified Python Developer form IBM. A solution-oriented system specialist with notable success directing a broad range of IT initiatives while participating in planning, analysis, and implementation of solutions in direct support of business objectives. Currently Co-founder and Chief Technologist at PlugOrange and which is a hybrid engineering and software solutions platform that helps organizations effectively manage and evaluate their business and critical operations. Professional Trainer and Motivational Speaker at IPDR(Institute For Professional Development and Research). I provide both basics and advanced corporate training on python programming, artificial intelligence, data science and machine learning. I help people to maximize their success by creating the right mindset, effective action, and connection to their team, business and themselves. An active member of Internet Society (Pakistan Chapter). It is an American nonprofit organization founded in 1992 to provide leadership in Internet-related standards, education, access, and policy. Its mission is "to promote the open development, evolution and use of the Internet for the benefit of all people throughout the world". Also worked as IT Consultant at Karim Containers (Pvt.) Ltd and Pakistan International Airlines. Former trainer at BeingTester and PAF-KIET. Skills Algorithmist. Network designing, development, up-gradation. Security Solutions. Incident Handling and Response. Instrumental Analysis and Research. C# and Python Development. AI,Machine Learning. Web and Mobile Application Development. HMI designing on Different PLCs.
No one at FAST NUCES is denied education based on their financial status. Over the years, several hundreds of orphans, children of labourers, government servant...s, etc who had no means of paying fees, were given nation's top class education and grooming. A large percentage of whom ended up winning prestigious jobs and higher education positions all over the globe.  Offering Undergraduate, Graduate, and Doctoral programs in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, and Software Engineering. The Peshawar Campus is dedicated to exploring the innovative power of science and technology. If you share the same passion, join Peshawar Campus, and become a part of groundbreaking research, leading to solutions for the common man. Application deadline: July 30th, 2020 Apply here: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ BS Programs offered: - BS (Electrical Engineering)  - BS (Software Engineering) - BS (Computer Science) Apply here: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ MS Programs Offered:  - MS (Electrical Engineering) - MS (Data Science) - MS (Computer Science) Apply here: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ PhD Programs Offered: - PhD (Electrical Engineering) - PhD (Computer Science) Apply here: http://nu.edu.pk/Publ…/Downloads/PhD_Admission_Form_2018.pdf For more details inbox us or email at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk Website: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/

 NSW will begin accepting for NSW nomination for the Skilled Work Regional (Provisional) visa (subclass 491) from Monda...y 15 June 2020.  NSW will stop accepting applications at 5pm Tuesday 23 June 2020. Applications will be assessed by the end of the financial year; Tuesday 30 June 2020. For more information, please contact at PLUG ORANGE PVT LTD


plz koi btae k karachi campus m BS or CS ki closing % kya ha...  FAST ki???

Hello Everyone, i was the student of medical, now i just changed my group from medical to engineering, but due to corona virus exam are canceled, am i eligible to apply for Fast  as medical student?? AT FAST KARACHI campus.
How would you rate following according to your experience?  CS , SE , DS

With a diverse range of majors to choose from, FAST-Peshawar Campus provides you the ultimate academic playground to explore your inner talent and nurture your academic ambitions to conquer any field of work. The Undergraduate Programme at FAST, Peshawar Campus is your first step to global opportunities. Apply by July 6th, 2020 http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

 Kindly Inbox your updated CV.

M na apply kiya lakin jysa Matric ka no add kiya 2nd year ka option hi ni aya Plz koi help kr daa kysa 2nd year ka no add hn gaa
 Apply by July 6th, 2020 http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ Programs offered: - BS (Electrical Engineering) - BS (Software Engineering) - BS (Computer Science) - MS (Electrical Engineering) - MS (Data Science) - MS (Computer Science) - PhD (Electrical Engineering) - PhD (Computer Science) For more details inbox us or email at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk Video Credit: Fastians
Can someone please help me. I filled the admission form of FAST. The end step is "profile completed". Ive got the registeration no. as well.  The only step left is now financial aid  and i dont want it so is my form registered?
Mizo studio is looking Fresh Graduates in BSCS or BSIT from Fast Nuces Lahore Campus those who have Final Year Project is gaming will be given preference.
I loved my university and had asked my younger to be a part of it but now, what they are doing is unacceptable and I am so disappointed from them. The ratio of unemployment and illiteracy was quite high before but now it’s on peak. and as the recent survey shows that 8/10 people are unemployed now a days. before all this most of students were unable to study or continue study bcz of high fees etc. but manage to do so by doing some side work etc. yeah there are millionaires, b...
Mizo studio is looking Fresh Graduates in BSCS or BSIT from Fast Nuces Lahore Campus  those who have Final Year Project is gaming will be given preference.
FAST ke fees kiya ha bscs
 The Pakistani 🇵🇰 Govt has urged the Educat...ional institutions to #Alter ⚠️ their Fee structures, taking in to account the Ongoing Pandemic and the Economical Downfall that comes with it.  It was Reported that Fast NUCES has allegedly #Increased ⚠️ the Tuition Fee to 9500 per Credit hour (i.e. up to Rs.2000 Per credit hour increase) #without ⚠️ Even announcing the change and was Found by Students accidentally while surfing the website who strongly #Oppose this decision and demand a Decrease in tuition fees.  To paint the Entire Picture, this new Fee would stack up to Rs.171,000 to be paid #Per semester. This, too, would be without the 1st semester’s admission fee. This means that the #Total sum for the 1st semester would be a whopping Rs.211,000 after Adding the admission Fee and the Security Deposit. The Masters & Ph.D. Programs got increased to Rs.9000 per credit hour as well. Also Considering the fact that the university has gotten a significant Reduction in costs : - #No ❌ Lights, fans, air-conditioners & other machinery being used over 120+ Days (days in a semester) and will not be used in the next online semester. -  #Academic Costs are Zero i.e. no Lab Lracticals, No co-curricular Activities, No Events (for which we always Pay Funds Every semester) It seems that FAST Paid no heed to the #Backlash ⚠️ that LUMS received when they announced an increase in their tuition fee. Many other universities such as COMSATS and NUST seem to be facing the #Same issues Fast University soon Received a #Massive ⚠️ social media Backlash followed the announcement Fee increment Using the hashtags #FASTFeeHike and SayNoToFeeHike, students demand that their voices are heard and they be given their Due Rights. A Petition that currently Stands at over 4000+ signatures has also Been #Created ⚠️ to Reduce the Online semester Fee rather than increasing it. Students Hope, the Govt Authorities 🚨 will take #Notice of this and FAST- NUCES Career Services Office - CSO, Islamabad 🇵🇰 will Revert their Decision.
Bht se buchon ko jo pre medical students hain aur cs fields mein jana chahta hain kuch unis additional maths lazmi mang rahi hain aur kuch ka apna criteria ha m...ene kafi sms phir fast Peshawar walon ne guide kia yad rahay fast lahore aur islamabad ka apna criteria ha unhon ne abhi allow ni kia fast Peshawar ne kia ha aur add. Math ke paper bhi uni mein hi hon gay bht se buchon ka question tha ke tyari uni kar vaye gi aur paper board ke na denay par jaen is tarah burden bht zyada ho gye ga but aisa ni ha specific syllabus ha.😕lahore and isb walay reply ni krtay un ka ni pta
Fast NUCES Admissions 2020  ==> Registrations are now open till 6th of July. ==> You can apply in upto (1) Campus and (4) Disciplines this year. ==> Entry Test will not held this year. So no registration fee (as per now). ==> If Seleced your Fee for the first semester will be (197k to 201.5k) PKR.







Hello Everyone!  Mein online admission form submit kr rhi thi picture save krny k bd ab kea krna hai.... Plzzz koe help kr dy
Hello everyone  Clear my this Question? I am in pre_medical group so this year i changed my group for med to engen so this year papers are not happeing and I am able to apply in fast(bscs) so now the news coming is group change students are also be promoted so i am trouble aghr me form medical base pr brhun or enter ki marksheet engerning base pr dun!! Ase to admission me masla ho jae ga! Iska koi solution hai tell me
FAST, Peshawar campus is facilitating women by offering a 50% scholarship to all admitted female applicants. Join Peshawar Campus for incomparable academic exposure and unlimited opportunities. Apply now! Deadline for admissions: July, 6th 2020 To apply: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ Programs offered: - BS (Electrical Engineering)  - BS (Software Engineering)  - BS (Computer Science)  - MS (Electrical Engineering)  - MS (Data Science)  - MS (Computer Science)  - PhD (Electrical Engineering)  - PhD (Computer Science)  For more details inbox us or email at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk 
Bht se buchon ko jo pre medical students hain aur cs fields mein jana chahta hain kuch unis additional maths lazmi mang rahi hain aur kuch ka apna criteria ha m...ene kafi sms phir fast Peshawar walon ne guide kia yad rahay fast lahore aur islamabad ka apna criteria ha unhon ne abhi allow ni kia fast Peshawar ne kia ha aur add. Math ke paper bhi uni mein hi hon gay bht se buchon ka question tha ke tyari uni kar vaye gi aur paper board ke na denay par jaen is tarah burden bht zyada ho gye ga but aisa ni ha specific syllabus ha.😕lahore and isb walay reply ni krtay un ka ni pta


FAST School of Management with its undergraduate programs and graduate programs tends to provide a pathways for students to pursue their career.While on the other hand strives to transform its students into Future Leaders and Strategists.

Can Pre-Medical students apply in BSCS in FAST? Here is a picture of an official notification from NCEAC (HEC) which says that all those students who wanted to take additional mathematics paper this year can now apply in engineering universities even without taking the additional mathematics exam because all the exams are cancelled/postponed due to pandemic. So I just want to confirm that if FAST is following this notification or not? Because if its from HEC, then every university is bound to follow it. Please do answer in the comments section! Thank you.
I'm trying to register but it keep saying invalid email... I tried my 3 accounts of gmail And one from outlook  But none are working... Can someone plzzz help me that what is the problem...
Migration scene batao koi yr. Fast to fast.
Aoa. Guys My aggregate is 75.13. Can I get admission In Bscs In Fast Lahore. Plz guide.
Can anyone tell me. Which University is best for BSCS? FAST, NUST, ya PIEAS or other? Which one is the best having low fee structure but Quality Study.

Aoa, is Islamabad campus preferred or Lahore? also, I have an aggregate of 94 (x1.1 of IBCC Equivalence) how likely am I going to be accepted?
I have 91.2% in part 1. And 1021 in matric. As there is no entry test in 2020 in Fast. Can I get admission in Fast Nuces. I want the campus best for study. So which campus is best?
I have an aggregate of 90.2(according to new policy) can I get admission at fast?


85% agg any chance in bscs ?
Hello everyone I have a one Question this is their is no admission test we will be selected on the bases of results! So if in case the situation can't come in control! so we also have to attend/take the online classes? For the 1st sem??
News Center bringing you live from Islamabad, where Students are Protesting & Speaking to Media about HEC Onlinne Classes & Universities charging fees from stud...ents in these days of lock down for last 4 months. آن لائن کلاس بند کی جائیں اور فیس ختم کی جائے ہماری نہ سنی گئی تو 12 جون کو کسی کی نہیں سنئیں گے پورا ملک بند کر دیں گے

 Admission form is full of bugs!... I submitted my form yesterday, and today campus and disciplines were changed. Furthermore my profile is stuck at 'profile completed'. Anyone else facing issues in admission form?


FAST, Peshawar campus is facilitating women by offering a 50% scholarship to all admitted female applicants. Join Peshawar Campus for incomparable academic expo...sure and unlimited opportunities. Apply now! Deadline for admissions: July, 30th 2020 To apply: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ Programs offered: - BS (Electrical Engineering)  - BS (Software Engineering)  - BS (Computer Science)  - MS (Electrical Engineering)  - MS (Data Science)  - MS (Computer Science)  - PhD (Electrical Engineering)  - PhD (Computer Science)  For more details inbox us or email at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk 
UPDATED Admission Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been Announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, there will be no Admission Test for undergraduate programs this year. Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. To stay updated please visit: http://nu.edu.pk/Admissions/Schedule #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
2 Things I want to confirm.  .  1#) MS walo k test ho rahe hain and BS walo k canceled huwe hain kindly confirm me ? . 2#) Registration ho gai hai admit card b print ho gaya hai but koi fees chalaan samne nai aya so is there any test fees or not Confirm me ? ... . Thanks
If you have the passion to explore the innovative power of science and technology, join our graduate and doctoral programs in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Data Science, and Electrical Engineering. Application deadline: July 6th, 2020 Apply here: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ Programs offered: - BS (Electrical Engineering) - BS (Software Engineering) - BS (Computer Science) - MS (Electrical Engineering) - MS (Data Science) - MS (Computer Science) - PhD (Electrical Engineering) - PhD (Computer Science) For more details inbox us or email at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk
My aggreggate is 81.8. Kya CS pr ho jaye ga. Mughay bht tension ho rahee hai. Madat kr day koi. Hosla day day koi.



67 aggregate mai fast mai bscs mai admission milsakta hai karachi campus mai ?

Kia admission confirmation k baad ap us field mein ja sakte hein jis ko ap ne preference list mein add na Kia ho? (Applied for Cs as first preference but didn't selected Software engineering as any preference) can I opt for SE?
UPDATED Admission Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been Announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, there will be no Admission Test for undergraduate programs this year. Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. To stay updated please visit: http://nu.edu.pk/Admissions/Schedule #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD

I know FAST is not taking Entry Test Exam ...May be that's why test session is showing empty ...  What will be our next step for registration ? Guide me . Thanks
Sign this petition and raise your voice against these harsh steps taken by University Administration. https://t.co/cZdQCkLO7r #SayNoToFeeHike #NoClassesNoFee @ImranKhanPTI... @Shafqat_Mahmood @hecpkofficial @fawadchaudhry @am_nawazish @PTIOfficialISB @PTIofficial @mangobaaz
FAST NUCES Admission 2020. There will be no Admission Test. You will be selected on base of your Intermediate (FSC/ICS/A-Level) and SSC (Martic/O-Level)marks.  ==> Last Date to Apply is 6th July. ==> Merit List will be displayed on 10th July. (If you will be selected ==> You will be informed through SMS/Email and you can also check on Nu Test Website) ==> Your First day at Uni will be 31st of August.... Best of Luck :) Note ==> This Test has been cancelled due to govt. policy about closure of institutes till August. It may change, if govt. announces educational institutions to be opened in July. So be prepared at the same time.
Profile complete arahi ha matlab kia meri registration hogai hai online?? Ku ke or koi option nai a raha kuch upload ha edit ka.
I wanted recommendations on bachelors in artificial intelligence from Fast Islamabad campus, Is it a good option? I have great interest in Artifical Intelligence but I am confused whether doing ai degree at fast Islamabad would be worth or not? Opinions/suggestions of everyone will be  highly appreciated...
My semester fee is 45500 out of which only 13500 is tution fee. The rest is a combination of transport fee, sports fee, Internet fee etc etc. As we are being ta...ught online so only tution fee should be charged and the left should be waved off... Or else promote us .. stop the drama of online classes..  you've no interest in students learning, your only intrest is collecting fee.. #Shame_on_HEC #Shame_on_gov_poor_policies #No_fee_in_pandemic  #We_are_united #WeWantReliefOnSemesterFee #StudentProtest  Electricity humari, Laptop Humara, Data Package Humara, So why should we pay full fee? Lockdown men sb se zyada Nuqsan University Students ka hua hai. University Students k sath Injustice Na Manzoor.
- AssalamoAlaikum, test cancel hogye hain, inter, Matric % ki base pe admissions honge, interview bhi importance rkhta? Mtlb interviews base pe selection bhi hugi, if yes to interview k bare me thoda guide krden, Queries,, kya kya kese huga.. Grateful.
Wo ye puchna tha k FAST men admission leny k bad RR kerna zroori hy kya? 😂




A fintech startup currently under incubation at NIC Karachi requires internee Web Developer having knowledge and clear concepts of object oriented programming, database and Web designing and development. He/She must be comfortable in using Microsoft tools and technologies. Education: Students of Third or final year of bachelor's of computer science/software engineering. Good concepts and working knowledge of object oriented programming and .net framework/.net core framework. Must be able to work on Web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript and jQuery. Must be able to work on ASP.NET/ASP.NET MVC/ASP.NET Core and Razor. Working knowledge of any object relational mapping framework like LINQ TO SQL/Entity Framework/Entity Framework Core. Should have concepts of web services and working knowledge of Restful Web services and Web API. Must be comfortable with visual studio and other related IDEs to write clean code, build, debug and test it. Should be comfortable in writing SQL queries, stored procedures and functions. Good Software Engineering, UML diagrams and SDLC concepts. Nice to have knowledge of cloud technologies like Amazon web services and Windows Azure. This is great opportunity for those who want to gain working experience before completing graduation. Also this internship can lead to full time permanent position based on internee's performance. Stipend will be paid on successful completion and a certificate showing working experience will be awarded to internee.
Gap year walo ka kia scene ho ga? Mtlb unka selection criteria same h ya koi different? 🤔
Is bahria university good for software engineering???
Kia fast ka entry test hoga fall 2020 mein??
What will be the selection criteria for students who changed their group from pre medical to pre-engineering ?
#OC Aptitude test nae ho rha bois FAST ka💔!!!
Fast University New Criteria Is 50% matric + 50% Inter.
Is there anyone who is applying for masters program??

Any ideas on this thing mentioned here. Are admissions closed or should we wait for the new policy. Please guide me with this 🙂

Admissions Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been Announced.  Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
Fast admission are open for baccalaureate?
Can pre-medical students apply for bs computer science?
FAST NUCES Lahore offers following PhD programs. It provides high quality education to its students for their respective desired fields with highly qualified fa...culty.

I wanted to ask if there are any past papers available for Entry Test preparation except for the sample test from 2006...


Whats the minimum SAT 1 requirement to apply for BS Cyber Security?

FAST School of management through its PhD program provides high quality management education to business scholars. For more details inbox us or visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/


Hello everyone! We can train you for PTE through online classes and over the medium of internet, it’s no more as difficult as use to be, we can have certain tip...s and tricks for everyone. So please don’t wait for anything contact us today and get your desired score in PTE. Moreover, we're as desperate as you all, if not more, to open our branches for face-to-face classes. Unfortunately, the government instruction is that we can't. We don't want to incur a heavy penalty by doing something irresponsible or stupid. Please know that we're in constant contact with the relevant authorities. As soon as we get a green signal, we'll open our branches for our beloved students. Till then, stay tuned in our Online group for daily materials and sessions.

FAST NUCES Lahore with its wide range of graduate programs enables students to explore new avenues in their desired fields and learn to counter emerging challen...ges of academia and industry.

Microsoft Student Partners of University of Lahore and FAST-NUCES bring you another great online competition.  Stay tuned with us for the MicroFest++ opening ceremony. For queries feel free to use comment section. #FAST_NUCES #UOL #Microsoft #MicroFest #online_competition #virtual_world


Here we are guys, the long competition now coming to a close with this extraordinary live event which will include chief guests of highest quality.  Result will... also be announced so stay tuned guys. For queries feel free to use comment section. #Microfest #uol #FAST_NUCES #virtual_competition #MSPUOL #MSPFAST #testportal #MSP_Pakistan

We are live again! You can ask questions from Speakers by joining #Microsoft Teams #Link: bit.ly/Day3-Microfest

HOW TO GAIN GPA - CR IS STRUGGLING - BE LIKE CR :D  Mention your CR
PROGRAMME 2000 JEUNES ENTREPRENEURS APRES LE CONFINEMENT. FORMATION 100% GRATUITE #Partie_2 MERCI AUX #2200_PARTICIPANTS.
We are live again! You can ask questions from Speakers by joining #Microsoft Teams #Link: bit.ly/Day2-Microfest

Assalamualaikum Mere ICS part-1 400 marks the 2nd part ke calculate krke 890 se ooper bne ge  Mene "BS Artificial Intelligence" me apply krna ha us kelie entry test konsa ha and kitna merit ha aut kitni fee ha plz guide me and scholarship mil skti ha kia  Anf BS Artificial Intelligence konse campus me krai jati ha  Plz guide me
FAST NUCES Lahore is equipped with highly qualified faculty, that strives to provide a rich learning environment to the undergraduate students. 
 𝐎𝐩𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐂𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐧𝐲, 𝐂𝐥𝐨𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐂𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐧𝐲 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐓𝐚𝐥𝐤 𝐒𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐛𝐞 𝐬𝐡𝐨𝐰𝐧 𝐥𝐢𝐯𝐞 𝐨𝐧 #MicrosoftTeams #msp #microfest #microsoft














 We have been getting a lot of Positive feedback from you guys... So far #tremendous amount of #participants have #r...egistered...  Also we have been getting the information from our #ambassadors that still participants are #registering themselves therefore the #deadline of registration should be #extended so that more participants can avail the time to register themselves.. Therefore we have #decided to extend the registration deadline for #two more days.


 If your Occupation doesn't have additional requirements, you have to be residing in NSW for atleast 6 months. If your occupation has additional requirements then bad luck. You need 1 year of NSW experience in your field. 476 visa holders can't apply. Vic 190 needs 5 years of experience. Need a offer letter. If you can arrange offer letter in your occupation, you can apply for Vic 491. If you can find a job during your 476 visa tenure for 6 months, then you can apply for NT 491. Need 3 months of job experience + evidence of next 12 month job proof. Then you can apply for Qld 491 Study 2 years of cheap diplomas. Study 1 year in SA in relevant field and apply through SA graduate stream (need proficient English + 3 months of job experience in SA after studies) Study 2 years in any field (do some cheap diplomas) and apply through Graduate Stream. Study 1 year some cheap Diploma and apply for 491 through Graduate Stream. Study 2 year of cheap diplomas and apply for 190 through Graduate Stream.

Hi! Can somebody please tell me what was the closing merit  of BSCS at FAST Islamabad of the year 2019? Also what is the per-semester fee for the Fast computer science undergraduate program?
The year 2020 has been full of surprises by bringing forward a jumbled up timeline of unexpected events.Therefore, team SOFTEC plans to use all its resources an...d bring forth a golden opportunity for all of you who are currently seeking jobs in the I.T industry.  Send in your resumes at cv@softecnu.org  and allow team SOFTEC to prove to be an assistance in your pathway to success and help you all to find a job by reaching out to multiple I.T companies and distributing your resumes. You are encouraged to share this within your circle so it can reach maximum people. These are hard times but together we can surpass the uncertainty of the current circumstances.  #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters

FAST NUCES has announced admission for fall 2020



From a very rich variety of fields we bring you different #competitions taking place at the #Global_Event_Microfest++ .  We are sure that you guys would be thri...lled to know that these competitions are not just limited to #Tech Nerds but students of #Business Schools and #Medical Schools can participate as well. Apart from different competitions that would be taking place, we’ve also arranged different #Talk_Sessions, #Pannel_Discussions and much more. Don't miss this marvelous opportunity. Once again, we hope to host you at this exciting virtual platform!
The wait is over !  Global Virtual Competition #Microfest++ Have you got what it takes to prove you're the best there is in the field ?  Get yourself registered... to compete in Global Competition :)

 Venue: Virtual Class Date:  20th May, 2020  Time: 2:00 pm to 2:45 pm... Instructor: Majid Qazi Organized By: IEEE FAST-NUCES Student Branch https://t.co/ohNpC0Uq4D



63 % mai fast university ( karachi ) campus  mai Bscs mai admission milsakta hai ? Aur kia  fast university ka entry test hard hota hai ?


Admissions Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, a revised admission policy for 2020 shall be announced on June 1, 2020.
FAST considers Inter part 1 marks and entry test marks for admission. This year, students of Inter part 1 will be given marks according to their result in part 2 next year. Will FAST wait for the result of Inter part 2 marks or will FAST consider matric marks for admission?


There were always been some truly amazing teachers in fast who were the only reason I gained and learned something beneficial, and the reason for many student's stay at this university. I know there are teachers who are really meant to be one, at every university but are also those who can be very talented and educated or not but are not good at teaching. university isnt a place for spoon feeding and students are mostly on their own but the thing is besides Pakistan the teach...

Is fast entry test is hard ? ... Can I prepare for test easily ? In home or will I take class ?

An idea that was previously considered to be impossible is now becoming a reality! Yes ladies and gentlemen, for the first time ever , *Microsoft* have joined hands to bring you the ever so grand *#Microfest++ on the 29th, 30th and 31st May.* This will be a global competition that will be brought to you all at your homes exclusively in this trying time of #Covid19 and will feature countless fun filled, interactive and interesting modules related to the fields of *#Technology,... #Medical and #Business Studies*. Furthermore, there will be informative talks from *#International_Professional_Speakers* to motivate and enlighten you to further advance your skills and polish your ideas. There will be multiple competitions from different fields: *#Technology* - CS QUIZ - Bug Catcher - Algo Challenge - Web / App Development - Graphic Designing *#Business* - Business Scan - Mind Zone - Actor in Market *#Medical* - The Brain Rush  #Registration are only possible if you fill appropriate code in ambassador area.  i.e *MS-1019 Alihasnain*  *Registration Link:* bit.ly/RegisterMicrofest-PK  Now you can register to the exciting *#Microsoft_Global_Virtual_Competition where you have a chance to compete with participants from all over the world and showcase your skills* *#Winners will be awarded with #Azure_credits $10000 along with #Certificates.* So hurry up and register yourself to get a chance to win big. Don't miss it out, All the competitions are *#Free_For_All.* For further queries you may mail me at: alihasnain2222@gmail.com or you may contact the mentioned address in ambassador profile as well!





Comrade Mohsin Abdali speaks to the Protest in front of Governor House against Fees being demanded of this hoax of online classes. #SayNoToUniversityFees #studentsunion #studentscommunity
Mujhe suggest kardey mein fast me admission lelo or us k sath sham me part time job karsakta ho ? Ye possibility he ? Ya FAST me jaaney k baad time nikalna mushkil he?
Infinite problems, one solution. One of the very few lecturers, who treats students with respect. ♥️
Message from Islamabad Campus Director (Waseem Ikram). Wait for Online Exams Policy :)
To get yourself registered: https://docs.google.com/…/1IEgrWW9rD0di_Z3avL_uoiVYqTY…/edit There lies an ocean of opportunities out in the open, especially when i...t comes to foreign education, often overlooked, and neglected due to the fear of unknown and anxiety of uncertainty. On 15th of May, 2020, ASME brings you the most trusted and authorized consultants of Pakistan, AusPak, to guide you in your journey of pursuing education and having a fulfilling career abroad. Moreover, they will be counselling the interested students in the art of scoring in your international exams, such as IELTS.



HEC announces policies of Universities exams 2020
==> Latest Admission 2020 Policy will be updated on 1st June. https://www.nu.edu.pk/Admissions/Schedule


For updates follow the following page











No one can compete the Backbenchers .. Even during online classes  Mention your partners who are spoiling online classes now a days

*Wellness Industry*  Staff required in *Rawalpindi/Islamabad* branches *(male/female)* for official office work in different departments of HR including  Public dealing   Business consultant  Team management... Customer service representative. Both *part/full* time opportunities are available. Qualifications required: Minimum matric Age: 18+ No Experience required  Students are encouraged to apply.   *Income package* : Rs 15000-Rs 35000  *Hostel* facilities are available.  Interested people contact  *0312-0506179*






*Wellness Industry*  Staff required in *Rawalpindi/Islamabad* branches *(male/female)* for official office work in different departments of HR including  Public dealing   Business consultant  Team management... Customer service representative. Both *part/full* time opportunities are available. Qualifications required: Minimum matric Age: 18+ No Experience required  Students are encouraged to apply.   *Income package* : Rs 15000-Rs 35000  *Hostel* facilities are available.  Interested people contact  *0312-0506179*



 Job Role Hands on development in Magneto 1,2 years PHP development experience above 3 years Expert in web services and protocols Excellent programming skills Must be used to cloud computing tools and microservices React.js is a plus Unit testing experience is a plus



Fasting is a shield; so when one of you is fasting he should neither indulge in obscene language nor should he raise his voice in anger. If someone attacks him or insults him, let him say: “I am fasting!”

When Backbenchers take online classes 🤣 Mention Ur Harami Squad 🔥🎧













 We thank our advisors: Dr. Muhammad Kamran Lodhi and Dr. Mubasher Baig, our mentors, senior exe-members that will depart this semester and of course, all the participants. 







 As final year students we can feel it....



*HEC gives options to universities whether to switch to inline classes or to abandon the current semester*
It’s been ten years since someone got up and took inaugurated MES. Then and now, times have changed. MES have witnessed historic events. Every year, talented me...tallurgists work together to make our department better. 






 The event will be hosted on Microsoft's Teams Application & I recommend you all to join the session via web and also download Git bash from the link provided below. https://git-scm.com/downloads Please provide your Name & Email address in the Google sheet linked below so that we can send you updates about the event through emails.  Google sheet: https://docs.google.com/…/1KSXaYkNZ0t1wFRTQOjqDeZVoSd…/edit… Meeting Link:https://teams.microsoft.com/…/19%3ameeting_OWNjNTVmMjAtZ…/0… Read The Instructions To Join The Meeting. Instructions:- 1 - First Click "Join Microsoft Teams Meeting" Option Given Below. 3 - If you're joining via mobile, first download Microsoft Teams application from the play store, then click the invitation link and select the "Enter With Teams Application" option.


 Considering the recent job situation and financial hardship due to COVID-19, pandemic Plug ORange 🍊 immigrat...ion will not charge any fee for the first consultation with a duration of 20 mins. 

Webinar and workshop on Artificial Intelligence and it's application on Zoom‼️ By Fayyaz Farooq ~ AI trainer 💯 #SENTEC 💯

⛰☀️ Nothing Screams More Like a Spring Vacation than a Hot Cup of Chai by the River Side, Mountains in the Background and a Good Book ⁣⁣📚 🌊 📸 This Picture is in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan⁣⁣ 🇵🇰 💃🏻 Tag a friend who is a Chai Fanatic ☕ p.c @Abdul Ahad Ikram.

Online clasis na manzoor Hamza ki ami Ka teachers ko msj🤣🤣








Microsoft Student Partners - Lahore is going to host a Webinar for the students of FAST Lahore. Session 1: Azure Cloud Computing by Muhammad Junaid Iqbal (Micro...soft Student Partner) Session 2: Github Workshop by Arslan Mushtaq (Andriod Developer) To attend the seminar, make sure you have downloaded Microsoft Teams and Git. You can download these from the following links. Microsoft Teams: https://products.office.com/en…/microsoft-teams/download-app Git: https://git-scm.com/downloads Register for the webinar here: https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx…





 #Joining_Link: https://bit.ly/FAST_MSP_Hackathon

Update= Collected: Rs. 7000                 Remaining: Rs. 43000 Aoa, under this hardship, Team THEN is trying to help the destitute. Donate us so that we can reach the needy.



Hello all FASTIANS. Im planning to do Masters from FAST-NUCES. pls guide me about the entrance test exam topics. for MSCS. :)
University in Tokyo has held the world's first online graduation ceremony due to global  pandemic. #corona. World is moving now towards online activities !

Types of people during exams..

Anyone considering Bachelor in Cyber Security and Digital Forensics this year? in Fast/Air?

 📨 Application: http://bit.ly/MSPISB2020 #MSPIslamabad #MicrosoftStudentPartners






Micro-soft team is working good😂😂😂Enjoy online classes
 It aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any further. The public has been facing a tough time deciding for themselves how to counter the situation and chaos has been observed. The myths have been mixed with facts, and the public seems to be ignorant about what should be done next. The scope of this project is also to cover and analyze the sentiments of the public towards the issue and counter the myths





Are you bored with online classes and eager to learn something new? Well, I've got the perfect fit for you. I am initiating a series of workshops on different M...icrosoft technologies that will be hosted on the Microsoft Teams application, and I'll do my best to deliver my knowledge by teaching everything from scratch to everyone. I'll be hosting events on C#, .NET Framework & GUI Applications With C#, Back-end Web Development With ASP.NET Core & Node.js, Microsoft Imagine Cup, Version Controlling With Git & Github, and Introduction to Cloud Computing with Microsoft Azure.  If interested, drop down your email address in the google sheet below to get invitations and event reminders. https://docs.google.com/…/1KSXaYkNZ0t1wFRTQOjqDeZVoSd…/edit… Given below is the link to my first virtual workshop that I'll be hosting on Microsoft Teams application. Anyone with prior experience of at least one programming language and an idea of basic programming fundamentals is welcome to join this session. Event Meeting Link : https://teams.microsoft.com/…/19%3aba75a05ce…/1586095580609… Event Benefits: - You will get to know the importance of Microsoft C# as a programming language. - You will learn some essential features of C#. - You will learn Object-Oriented Programming With C#. - You will get a Certificate From Microsoft. 3. If you're joining via mobile, first download Microsoft Teams application from the play store, then click the invitation link and select the "Enter With Teams Application" option.
R.I.P Physics 😷 (Cr ~ Always Tafreee ) Follow us on Instagram Instagram.com/epicmeme_fb
Any one tell me the fee of cs department



I Urge again we are fighting again the most compelling Virus 🦠. There are now thousands of calls coming to us everyday. Please have patience. We have no donatio...ns coming from anywhere it is our own efforts. If anyone can help us getting donations in any form please come forward and help. Fresh homemade food & groceries being prepared for delivery every night. There are hundreds of bachelors living who are calling and asking us to give cooked food because they can’t buy from outside. Hundreds of people asking for dry rashan and on the same side now we are getting calls to give rent. We have list of people who can’t afford their rents if anyone can share someone’s load of life. We don’t want it from you, Help them directly we have hundreds of request coming daily. Please join hands with us and help the people around you before the situation even get worst. People who are struggling during the coronavirus need your help. For all the latest updates like: Facebook: Meezab-E-Rehmat Youtube: Meezab-E-Rehmat #PROMISEBYUS
#UPDATE COLLECTED:- Rs.3000 REMAINING:- Rs.47000 LETS SAVE PAKISTAN FROM #CORONAVIRUS TOGETHER. HELP THOSE PEOPLE WHO ARE AFFECTED BY THIS DISEASE. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE DAILY WAGERS. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE LOST THEIR JOBS BECAUSE OF THIS DISEASE.DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE IN REAL NEED OF FOOD. Join our #SAATH program. And we will together bring happiness on the faces of many people. #SAATH will be in SIALKOT from 13-April-2020. DONATE FOR A CAUSE. DON’T WAIT FOR HOLY MONTHS TO DONATE.

Softnate, a start-up is looking for candidates for its web development internship program. This is a leading to job internship. Since this is a remote job, you are required to work at home as per your convenient time. We are task oriented rather than time oriented. Responsibilities: • Proficiency in web designing languages such as HTML, CSS and bootstrap;... • Experience with JavaScript; • Experience with Typescript will be a benefit, but not necessary; • Creative in designing UI/UX; • Experience with Database is a plus; • Proven debugging and performance testing skills and Instruments; • Able to work on challenges; • Work with cross-disciplinary teams;

Worth read👌i wish our educational specialist can understand too :/    A student studying in Russia says:  The highest score for most of the exams in Russia is 5.  If a student does not answer any question and returns back his exam paper blank, with no question answered, he gets 2 out of 5.    In my first days at the University of Moscow, I did not know about this  system and I was surprised and asked Dr. Theodor Medraev: "Is this fair  that a student did not answer any questi...on and you give him 2 out of 5?  Why not give him a zero ?  Isn't that the right way ?"    He answered:  "How can we give a Human Being a zero ?   How can we give him a zero to someone who was getting up at 7 am to attend all the lectures ?  How can we give him a zero since he got up in this cold weather, and  used public transport and reached to do the exam in time, and tried to  solve the questions ?  How can we give him a zero for the nights he  used to study and spent his money on pens and notebooks and bought a  computer for studying ?  How can we give him a zero when he left all other life styles and pursued his studies ?  Here my son, we do not give a zero to a student just because he did not know the answer.  We at least try to respect the fact that this is a Human Being, and he is having a brain, and he tried.   Because this result which we give, is not just for the questions in the  exam paper, it is also about showing appreciation and respect to the  fact that this is a Human Being and deserves to have a score."     Truly I cried and did not know how to respond.  There I knew my value as a Human Being.    Zeros can actually decrease motivation on students, and can quickly  destroy them and make them stop caring about their studies altogether.   Once a zero score has been put in the grade book, they need no longer  care about that subject and they may assume that, there’s nothing they  can do about it.             Today I tell my story as a message to  our teachers, so as to change this shabby system of education which we  have in our country.





 #ENRICHINGLITERATURE
Students have taken some online classes these online classes have been of no practical usefulness. We request University, HEC and Education Minister to please c...onsider the following points. Courses like Mathematics, Physics, Engineering etc are taught by discussion, proper interaction. Boards are widely used where professor write and erase when students ask questions related to the subject as we progress through the lecture. These subjects cannot be taught using slide written material and sessions based on PPT slides. Instead of online classes, we request university to terminate all academic activities till 31 May and start classes from June.  Many students who have gone to village areas do not have internet access.  To summarize, we request UOL Administration, HEC and Education Minister to name this pandemic break Summer Break and restart the semester in June or Waive off our maximum fee as university’s expenditure is reduced a lot while teaching online and we have paid a lot. #SayNoToOnlineClasses #SuspendOnlineClasses  #We_Want_Semester_Break  #WeRejectOnlineEdu  PTI Shafqat Mehmood
 #oneness_muslims

Press f for online teacher 😂😂😂
Dear Students, Please note that the online classes will continue as per the timetable. Kindly take care of your classes and be in close contact with your instru...ctors through google Classroom/ google meet. The details of policy decisions regarding the academic schedule of the current semester will be shared with you through email very soon.
Please apply if you belong to IT or software engineer or you know some one tage him to apply
I have done DAE electrical and want to BS electronic engineering but my family cant support me. Now im thinking to have a part Time job. A job with which i could continue my engineering tomorrow and with the help of that job i bear the fee and accommodation so u guys plzz give me suggestions with this regard i will be thankful to all of them

Allah Pak sab ko mehfooz rakhy #oneness_muslims
 How easy is it for them to say "drop the whole semester"? So according to these rules,students got only two choices whether they drop their entire semester or they fail the entire sem by not being able to attend the classes 🤷🏻‍♂️ We protest against this mafia mentality. Why have we paid fees if we have to drop the semester.  #Yedadagirinaichalegi #SuspendOnlineClasses #FastiansDemandSemesterBreak
https://twitter.com/hecpkofficial/status/1245013553033162754
#HEC  #no #online #class  #wewantsemesterbreak
how many of you are feeling like him ? :D
Speaker : Mian Ali Awais #OneNess_Muslims
اردو جنرل -ولیدانور ولید-ایچ ایسایمپبلشر- 850.Rs  اردو جنرل -پروفیسرعارف متین-ایمپوریمپبلشر -Rs.600 اردو جنرل-پروفیسر مہرمحمدحیات-علمی پبلشر-Rs.650 ...اردو جنرل -وقاراحمد-اےایچپبلشر -Rs.800 ڈیلیوری چارجز 150 -(100 کراچیکےلیے) ایڈوانسادائیگی پرڈیلیوری فری۔ ڈیلیوری پورےپاکستان میںکیشآنڈیلیوری کیسہولت کےساتھ۔ آرڈرکرنے کےلیۓابھیواٹسپیاانباکسپررابطہکریں https://wa.me/923122471645 https://wa.me/923343921273 Inbox 👉m.me/Allbooksonestore (#0312-2471645  #03343921273) www.instagram.com/Allbooksonestore.pk #اردو #جنرل#علمی #ایمپوریم #کتاب #pms #pcs #css #allbooksonestore
#CFD campus walo , ap k liye



Current situation of #fastians...😂😂 #online #classes #suspension








This was during one of FAST Peshawar's online classes. Jab teacher ka net inta kharab ho to students kya karein?
 Kindly mention the name of your University in comments in which the Online classes are cancelled.. Also mention your friends who worried about..as many of the universities are notified the cancellation of online classes.

Hello Everyone, Its a survey about online classes. You need to check one option below weather you agree or disagree and give us a reason in comment section. Thank You :) 

Today on slate it is being announced by hod CS fast nuces islamabad Sir kashif muneer that tomorrow after the meeting of higher commands of fast further decided to wether online classes will be suspend or the online course delievery will be continue ..........



So we are getting messages from a lot of students to all over the Pakistan about the problems they are facing in online classes. One of the main problems is the non access of Internet or weak internet strength in remote areas. What do you guys want??
 "Most probably, as per the latest instructions of the govt. we will suspend our online/virtual classes till 1st June.
Lahore campus walo , Chill kro
Only Fast CFD , Lhr & Peshawar left now


As the whole world has been overshadowed by the masks and people been confined to their houses in the attempts of protection against the novel COVID-19, the doc...tors and the whole medical community has been the unwavering support of humanity: fighting the disease day and night without a care about themselves. The clouds will part, and the sun will shine on all of us soon. And once again, we will go back to our lives. Stay strong, stay positive, and respect the care-takers of the community.  Also, stay at home to protect yourself and protect others. #covid_19 #Pakistan #bestrong


compiler vs interpreter  #programming #coding #programmer #developer #code #technology #python #coder #javascript #tech #java #computerscience #software #webdev...eloper #html #linux #css #webdevelopment #hacking #development #webdesign #codinglife #computer #softwaredeveloper #php #hacker #programmers #programmingmemes #softwareengineer #bhfyp

#Covering_the_entire_Punjab Under the initiative of #SAATH Program, we have have distributed 200+ kg of food items among daily wagers at our Gujranwala office. ...The SAATH program is specifically for daily wagers, supporting their living. Our next drive is at Sialkot and Gujrat. Support us and donate us, so that we can continue this noble act. And this drive will be continued to next cities. #working_towards_a_bright_future #fighting_against_COVID19

 Google is holding DSC Skills Level Up - a live online event ...on March 28, 2020 with Google recruiters for you - students and faculty!!! 😮😮 - Learn essential skills for your career and the best   practices for resumes and interviews directly from Googlers - Get a 1 month of free access to Qwiklabs & Coursera's Google Cloud specializations after the livestream event! Sign up here: https://events.withgoogle.com/skillslevelup/



The virus doesn't move, people move it. We stop moving, the virus stops, it dies, it's that simple. #SocialDistancing is the only way to keep safe - follow what is being said for yourself & others.

#UPDATE COLLECTED:- Rs.30000 REMAINING:- Rs.220000 Aoa, donate us through these mediums. These are our bank details.... ●For Donation: •Easypaisa Account:- Account Number: 03452427960
#UPDATE:- COLLECTED:- Rs.30000 REMAINING:- Rs.220000 Aoa, THEN Foundation is donating Ration Box under the program SAATH.... This initiative program is to support the living of lower class of the society.
Guidance for nuces entry test(Alevel student)?



Obsereved on 23rd March every year, Pakistan day commemorates the passage of Lahore resolution which took place back in 1940, when the Muslims of sub-continent ...realised their true identity and set the agenda of a separate homeland for themselves. 🇵🇰 

#PAKISTAN_RESOLUTION_DAY A DAY OF COMMITMENT. LOVE AND RESPECT YOUR HOMELAND PAKISTAN. PAKISTAN  HAS GIVEN US SO MUCH.NOW PAKISTAN NEED US.

#UPDATE COLLECTED:- Rs.30000 REMAINING:- Rs.220000 As lockdown is being imposed throughout the country, the labourers, vendors, house workers and people with lo...wer income are facing the difficulty in making both ends meet. This COVID-19 breakout is the test of humanity. We have to play our part in the society. Your Rs. 100s, 500s and 1000s can support the lives of many.

The presence of passion within you is the greatest gift you can receive. Treat it as a miracle
Keeping in line with the recent government directives, the Developers' Day team has decided to reschedule the event. Until then, keep watching this space for updates.
This post is for newbie in computer science or programming.  may it help you  follow for more #programming #coding #programmer #developer #code #technology #pyt...hon #coder #javascript #tech #java #computerscience #software #webdeveloper #html #linux #css #webdevelopment #hacking #development #webdesign #codinglife #computer #softwaredeveloper #php #hacker #programmers #programmingmemes #softwareengineer #bhfyp youtube lectures will be in urdu hindhi and english
Study In #UK at University of Ulster London and Birmingham Campuses. If you have Bachelor's HONS or Masters degree in Business with in past 3 years. NO IELTS- NO English Test ONLY English Proficiency Letter required from Previous Institution required. For details Call: 0346-8660666


 As per the directives of Govt. Lahore Campus will remain closed till 5th April 2020 for Students, Faculty & Staff. The University has pl...anned to conduct classes online. For which, you will receive an email from your HoD office containing all the details soon.  Students are requested to regularly check their university email for updates.
Spend your summer break writing code and learning about open source development while earning a stipend up to $6000! Accepted students work with a mentor and be...come a part of the open-source community. Many become lifetime open source developers!  How does it work? 1. Organizations come to Google in need of interns. 2. Google then open applications for students. 3. Students submit project proposals to the organizations. 4. Organizations then take a month to select the best students. Note: All organizations come with an idealist where they have already added some project on which they want students to work on. Every project has/have mentors which help students throughout the process of applying to the during the internship. Link: https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/ Tips to get selected. 1. All the projects are open-source. Start contributing to them even while you are applying, and after you have applied. Also, stay in touch with the community once you have applied. This shows the organizations your level of interest and dedication towards them. 2. Write a detailed proposal. What you are planning to do. How are you planning to do it? The best approach you have in mind for something. Also, propose additional features in the project while writing your proposal. 3. Write your proposal in drafts and keep improving it. Never submit your proposal directly to the organization. Mentors are there to help you in the process. You should definitely ask them to review your project proposal. They have a better insight into the project and can help you make your proposal the best.
Keeping the current circumstances in mind, the growth of Corona Virus needs to be repressed. Nothing better than to restrict the contagion by avoiding meetings ...and gatherings. As saddening as it is, the COVID-19 has restrained us to our homes. With no campus life ahead, there is no chance of organizing our planned activities. 

Fast Islamabad will remain closed till 5th April.
Back in 1995, Astera Software was founded with the zeal to put the power of extracting insights from data into the hands of business users and brace the technic...al IT squads to be the driver of change in the organization. Fast-forward today, Astera is an established data solutions provider that enables Fortune 500 companies and enterprises to bring data-driven innovation.
 As you guys have vacations from University and are now not organizing events, not spending time for student society activities, have not much burden of studies.

 With the registeration deadline so near, here is the list and detail of all competitions happening this SOFT...EC. So what are you waiting for? Click on the registration link and dont miss the chance to participate in the biggest I.T event of Pakistan.

 With the registeration deadline so near, here is the list and detail of all competitions happening this SOFT...EC. So what are you waiting for? Click on the registration link and dont miss the chance to participate in the biggest I.T event of Pakistan.

 SOFTEC '20 is right around the corner and registrations are gonna close in a matter of few days! If you st...ill haven't registered in any of our wide array of competitions, then now's your chance!  With a prize pool of Rs. 7,00,000, SOFTEC'20 is, without a doubt, going to be the biggest IT event of this year. So, click on the link above and be a part of a legendary SOFTEC! #Prizes #Competitions #Seminars #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020
basics of computer science  parts of cpu  follow like and subscribe for more  youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAcch6rDmyDQ4dO2g9CSz2w…... #computerscience #programming #coding #technology #programmer #tech #computer #developer #coder #java #code #python #javascript #codinglife #softwareengineer #webdeveloper #webdevelopment #cybersecurity #hacking #software #softwaredeveloper #cpu #html #engineering #informationtechnology #computerengineering #science #programminglife #programmers #introductiontocomputerscience
 SOFTEC '20 is right around the corner and registrations are gonna close in a matter of few days! If you st...ill haven't registered in any of our wide array of competitions, then now's your chance!  With a prize pool of Rs. 7,00,000, SOFTEC'20 is, without a doubt, going to be the biggest IT event of this year. So, click on the link above and be a part of a legendary SOFTEC! #Prizes #Competitions #Seminars #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020
 SOFTEC '20 is right around the corner and registrations are gonna close in a matter of few days! If you st...ill haven't registered in any of our wide array of competitions, then now's your chance!  With a prize pool of Rs. 7,00,000, SOFTEC'20 is, without a doubt, going to be the biggest IT event of this year. So, click on the link above and be a part of a legendary SOFTEC! #Prizes #Competitions #Seminars #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020
Occasionally, we must keep testing our analytical and logical skills to keep ourselves on edge, always ready to react when the opportunity strikes.
 SOFTEC '20 is right around the corner and registrations are gonna close in a matter of few days! If you st...ill haven't registered in any of our wide array of competitions, then now's your chance!  With a prize pool of Rs. 7,00,000, SOFTEC'20 is, without a doubt, going to be the biggest IT event of this year. So, click on the link above and be a part of a legendary SOFTEC! #Prizes #Competitions #Seminars #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020


 SOFTEC '20 is right around the corner and registrations are gonna close in a matter of few days! If you st...ill haven't registered in any of our wide array of competitions, then now's your chance! With a prize pool of Rs. 7,00,000 SOFTEC'20 is, without a doubt, going to be the biggest IT event of this year. So, click on the link below and be a part of a legendary SOFTEC! #Prizes #Competitions #Seminars #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020
Study in #UK. without IELTS, May2020 intake. Range of courses available at Masters Level. #Business, #Engineering, #Computing/IT, #Law, #English, #IR, #Biomedic...al Science, #Health Care management. For more details Ultimate Solutions : Call 📞 0346-8660666 ■Faisalabad Head Office: Office No 4,6 Ground Floor, Hassan Shopping Plaza, D-ground Faisalabad 📞 041-8729330 ■Lahore Branch Office: Office No 24 UG, Center Point Plaza, Main Boulevard Gulberg III, Lahore 📞 042-35752150
Study in #UK without IELTS. Most Economical Public Funded University Fee as low as £9450 after Scholarship. Get in touch with the official representative of Uni...versity of Chester. #Business, #Engineering, #Computing/IT, #Law,  #Biomedical Science, #Health Care management, #cardiovascular, #rehabilitation, #Psychology For more details Ultimate Solutions : Call 📞 0346-8660666 ■Faisalabad Head Office: Office No 4,6 Ground Floor, Hassan Shopping Plaza, D-ground Faisalabad 📞 041-8729330 ■Lahore Branch Office: Office No 24 UG, Center Point Plaza, Main Boulevard Gulberg III, Lahore 📞 042-35752150







 Careem stands out as the epitome of a top notch travelling experience and providing its passengers with the safest trip possible. They have an assortment of ride types to select from, so that your travel is secure and easy on the pocket.


 Insight of the world wide epidemic, we too have taken pre...cautionary measures. So to make this year's PROCOM experience safe and secure, we have extended the date of PROCOM'20 to 26th and 27th of March 2020.
 Insight of the world wide epidemic, we too have taken pre...cautionary measures. So to make this year's PROCOM experience safe and secure, we have extended the date of PROCOM'20 to 26th and 27th of March 2020.

 To c...reate something exceptional, your mindset must relentlessly be focused on the smallest details. For this, we asked Fastians to describe Developers' Day in one word.
Calling all women in tech! Brace yourself for the biggest national tech battle! Women Tech Quest brings you a software coding, software testing and design compe...tition enabling women to come forward and showcase their skills! Register yourself through the website or the exclusive WTQ app and get to know about the competitions and pre installations! All final year students and fresh graduates are encouraged to participate. Avail the early bird discount and get FLAT 15% OFF. Promo code: EARLY15. Participants must carry their own laptops to take part in the event! https://www.womentechquest.com For Android - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…  For Appstore - https://apps.apple.com/us/app/women-tech-quest/id1458311389



Being one of the largest student-run organization, AIESEC, brings forward an international platform for young graduates. This organization not only helps them t...o shape their personality but also helps them to develop empathy and discover other cultures.  Team PROCOM is delighted to welcome AIESEC as our community partner and together we hope to bring a positive impact on our society.
With immense pride, we present to you, our silver sponsor for SOFTEC 2020, Folio3!  Folio3 is a California based software development company that helps entrepr...eneurs and large corporations build innovative, world class software solutions by providing offshore application development and support. They specialize in Enterprise Applications, Mobile Apps & Games, Websites & Web based Applications and Social Media Platforms & Applications development.  With sponsors like these, we're hoping to make SOFTEC 2020 a great experience for aspiring developers, entrepreneurs, and established companies alike! So, what are you waiting for? Register for SOFTEC 2020 now! #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC #CreateWhatMatters #Folio3 #Silver #Sponsor
A good entrepreneur always gives back to the society. Address any social issue in Pakistan as an entrepreneur and tell us how you plan on making a difference, w...hat would you do bring the change needed in the society. Come up with a business plan that will not only be financially sustainable but also helps the society at large. https://forms.gle/YyqhJxwuP7ih67bs9

The way you will be treated in your field depends upon how you present yourself.

What's up developers? SOFTEC'20 is here to give you the oppurtunity to create the best mobile application! We're calling you to show off your Android or IOS app...lication development skills! Through this competition, you'll get the chance to show your skills to mobile application companies! On top of that, you could even get hired by one of them!  #SOFTEC2020 #CreateWhatMatters #ITExtravaganza #AppDev
Following the success of SENTEC's annual magazine, Scizine, our team of intellectuals is yet again ready to bring to you another dose of updated information on ...science, engineering and all things technology! For the aforementioned purpose, it is requested to you to submit your articles fulfilling the guidelines below: - Your article must be science/engineering/technology oriented, final year projects may also be taken into account for the content of articles - The article submitted must be original and not plagiarized/ copied from sources online. - The article should not exceed 700 words. - All the articles must be submitted before March 14th, 2020. Your noteful contribution and response towards the 2020 edition of our magazine is awaited. Submit your article here https://forms.gle/JmcjVeDKhRi2Dmf27 #SENTECMAGAZINE'20



The drums are beating, the curtains are moving and the stage is set. Hold your breath, for the newest logo of the TechCup is here to cause a storm.  Looking forward to your anticipated reactions!
The drums are beating, the curtains are moving and the stage is set. Hold your breath, for the newest logo of the TechCup is here to cause a storm.  Looking forward to your anticipated reactions!

The most awaited event of the semester, Spotlight 2020, has been postponed. The event was supposed to be held on Thursday, 5th March 2020, but the outbreak of C...orona Virus has led to unplanned holidays.  Our event will be rescheduled and the new date will be announced soon! Keep following the page for further updates! #DECS2020 #postponed #coronavirus #StaySafe #Safetyfirst #Dramatics #Singing #livemusic #actingwars #art #Spotlight
The most awaited event of the semester, Spotlight 2020, has been postponed. The event was supposed to be held on Thursday, 5th March 2020, but the outbreak of C...orona Virus has led to unplanned holidays.  Our event will be rescheduled and the new date will be announced soon! Keep following the page for further updates! #DECS2020 #postponed #coronavirus #StaySafe #Safetyfirst #Dramatics #Singing #livemusic #actingwars #art #Spotlight
 Registration Fee for Tekken: Rs 750 Registration Fee for Fifa : Rs 750 Registration Fee for CS:GO : Rs 2500 Are you better than the usual button smashers you see in tournaments? Do you think you can out-maneuver all the other rookies and pros in the biggest gaming event of them all? If yes, then SOFTEC'20 's gaming competition sponsored by Geniteam Solutions is your go to! With awesome games like FIFA, Tekken 7 and CS:GO on our list, this SOFTEC is bound to be a paradise for gamers! So what are you waiting for?  #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #Gaming
SOFTEC'20 welcomes Geniteam Solutions as the Silver Sponsor for the year! Geni Team is a large scale mobile and game development company that offers development... and solutions ranging from concept, development to app discovery. They've worked on a diverse range of projects and own a global customer base. They have major expertise and experience in the platforms of iOS, Android, Amazon, Facebook, Web and PC. Team SOFTEC is honoured to partner with GeniTeam for SOFTEC'20! #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC
 Join us on Developers' Day 2020, as we dive into the juicy details of the latest in technology and its impact, with captivating, engaging sessions.
There is one thing common in all the success stories – a great idea. Are you an aspiring entrepreneur? Have an idea that can change the world? Then this is it! ...This is the platform to be a part of. Idea Lodge  is the main module of ENOVATE where you will develop your ideas and watch them take form. Idea Lodge will have 3 rounds, each of which aim to refine your idea and harness your potential. You will pitch, design, and present the business idea that you bring to ENOVATE, developing your own abilities and your idea along the way.  https://forms.gle/YyqhJxwuP7ih67bs9
SOFTEC is proud to have EVS Professional Training Institute as its silver sponsor for SOFTEC'20.  EVS is a Professional Training Institute which was established... in 2005 to produce highly skilled human resource in latest tools and technologies for IT industry of Pakistan. To achieve this objective EVS has developed professional training centers in Lahore and Rawalpindi/Islamabad and Future plans of EVS include establishing similar training centers in other cities of Pakistan i.e. Faisalabad, Multan and Karachi. Team SOFTEC is looking forward to cooperating with EVS afresh.  #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza#CreateWhatMatters
 #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters
Get your grey matter churning. Get those mental gears running. Piece together the probabilities. And predict who wins this cricket battle, because be it the Qal...andari Vibes or the Unity of People, the winner can only be one
Get your grey matter churning. Get those mental gears running. Piece together the probabilities. And predict who wins this cricket battle, because be it the Qal...andari Vibes or the Unity of People, the winner can only be one
 Do you think you have the ability to combat with the best Software Engineers out there? Well SOFTEC'20 b...rings to you such an opportunity to showcase your products on a larger scale. Participate in the Software Project Competition sponsored by LUNCH:ON and be a part of the biggest IT extravaganza of Pakistan.  Register now! #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters

Are you a spirited participant in the 10th AHA Declamation Contest, eager to ascertain what the topics could be? With the clock constantly ticking, we are appro...aching the day you've all been anxiously waiting for; and now it's finally time to lift the veil off of the topics for the upcoming AHA Declamation Contest. Don't wait any further and go through the album to find a topic that captures your heart and the topic you believe will help you captivate the audience, for the one with influence will outshine all. ~AHADC'20
 Now, introducing the brand ambassadors for Developers' Day 2020, these are the individuals who have volunteered to contribute in the future and expand the horizons further.


 #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #AppDev #CreateWhatMatters
 #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #AppDev #CreateWhatMatters
You’ve got the invitation? Have you got the right address and dates? That's right, the DramaFest team eagerly awaits your arrival at FAST NUCES Lahore on 7th an...d 8th March 2020.  Don't miss out on this university's greatest event. DROP EVERYTHING & DANCE because there are JUST 5 DAYS TO GO.💃🏻

 Are you Software Engineers looking for a platform to showcase your skillfully designed projects? Well, S...OFTEC'20 brings to you Software Project Competition sponsored by LUNCH ON to give you all a chance to bring forth your worthy creations and show everyone your technical abilities. Register now if you still haven't and get a chance to be a part of the biggest IT Extravaganza of Pakistan. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #CreateWhatMatters


 With enormous gratitude, Team Procom feels proud to Introduce Sibisoft as our Gold sponsor.
An event of grand magnitude is built up on multiple supports. The pillars for PROCOM'20 are its numerous partners, one of the most notable being FAST NUCES' ver...y own management society - FMS! The Fast Management Society steps up as an official competitions partner for this edition of PROCOM. With their experience, the competitions at PROCOM are set to soar to new heights.
A one-stop event that encompasses everything technology. With electrifying competitions, valuable learning opportunities and a future defining job fair as its c...enterpiece, PROCOM endures as the premier tech event of Karachi. Presenting now a comprehensive list of all the exciting competitive opportunities available at PROCOM'20. Consisting of a lineup of all the classics with a few new additions, PROCOM is all set to be the hottest battleground this year.
A one-stop event that encompasses everything technology. With electrifying competitions, valuable learning opportunities and a future defining job fair as its c...enterpiece, PROCOM endures as the premier tech event of Karachi. Presenting now a comprehensive list of all the exciting competitive opportunities available at PROCOM'20. Consisting of a lineup of all the classics with a few new additions, PROCOM is all set to be the hottest battleground this year.
With every passing minute, the pieces of the puzzle fall together to delineate the bequest of this felicitous event. Developers’ Day is just around the corner w...ith a legacy of creating opportunities.
 Our second judge for the Dramatics Competition is none other than the gifted Waqar Shaikh! Belonging to our alumni, he was the Theatre Head in the years 2016 and 2017. Now having touched the skies of success, he has been performing professionally in the field he's extremely passionate about.  Not only he's a creative writer, but he is also a mind boggling actor who founded the Tamseel theatre group. He has won several awards in the recognition of his outclass acting skills and has been helping a lot of individuals at FAST in pursuing the career of their dreams. #DECS2020 #Getready #WaqarShaikhxDECS #Dramatics #Singing #livemusic #actingwars #art #Spotlight

 The AIMLC workshop aims to do just that, with the first wor...kshop being "Introduction to Deep Learning".  Make sure to register: https://forms.gle/zNPjzQp882H2U4NJA
 The AIMLC workshop aims to do just that, with the first wor...kshop being "Introduction to Deep Learning".  Make sure to register: https://forms.gle/zNPjzQp882H2U4NJA
 The AIMLC workshop aims to do just that, with the first wor...kshop being "Introduction to Deep Learning".  Make sure to register: https://forms.gle/zNPjzQp882H2U4NJA
 Put your hearts on fire as we bring yet another series of technical workshops, starting with a Firebase Study Jam with Flutte...r! Firebase is a Google application development platform that helps you build, improve, and grow your app. #DeveloperStudentClubs #DSCNUCES #FirebaseinAction

Are you ready to explore malam jabba <3 North Rovers presents 2 Days Mega Trip To Malam Jabba Swat for the students of #UCP #UMT #UOL #FASTNUCES # Limited seats are available on first come first serve basis ❇️SERVICES INCLUDED ☑️Travel through private air conditioned vehicle. ☑️1 night’s hotel stay as per plan on 4 pax sharing (Beds + Mattresses) ☑️Basic first aid kit. 🔴SERVICES NOT INCLUDED https://www.facebook.com/events/490463095183832/
 It is with much pride that we introduce IBA-ProBattle as the academic partner for PROCOM 2020. Prepare yourself to be a part of an event testing your quick-thinking, wit and creativity. Prepare yourself for PROCOM 2020.
Assalamualaikum Do someone in hare take cyber security study ? i want to ask a some question regarding this study.
With dotage of expeditions and prophecies in the gaming community, Pakistan Cyber Gaming contributes best endeavors to keep up with newfangled gaming standards ...and logistics.
DECS is here with yet another reveal! #DECS2020 #Getready #DaanixSpotlight #Dramatics #Singing #livemusic #actingwars #art #Spotlight

A one-stop event that encompasses everything technology. With electrifying competitions, valuable learning opportunities and a future defining job fair as its c...enterpiece, PROCOM endures as the premier tech event of Karachi. Presenting now a comprehensive list of all the exciting competitive opportunities available at PROCOM'20. Consisting of a lineup of all the classics with a few new additions, PROCOM is all set to be the hottest battleground this year.

A competent, outstanding programmer is not one who is able to write a whole code in one go. It is one who can flush out all the bugs from the code.  Be a part of the experience at Developers' Day 2020, as registerations will soon begin.
A competent, outstanding programmer is not one who is able to write a whole code in one go. It is one who can flush out all the bugs from the code.  Be a part of the experience at Developers' Day 2020, as registerations will soon begin.
  LUNCH:ON is a food technology company created to take the hassle out of the daily lunch dilemma f...or busy office workers by offering the best meals at a significant discount and with no delivery fees. With its headquarters in the UAE, LUNCH:ON is going global with offices in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Egypt and several more to come this year. It has been named one of the 50 hottest tech companies in the world, and currently serves thousands of companies globally on a daily basis. #SOFTEC2020 #ITExravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #LUNCH:ON
  LUNCH:ON is a food technology company created to take the hassle out of the daily lunch dilemma f...or busy office workers by offering the best meals at a significant discount and with no delivery fees. With its headquarters in the UAE, LUNCH:ON is going global with offices in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Egypt and several more to come this year. It has been named one of the 50 hottest tech companies in the world, and currently serves thousands of companies globally on a daily basis. #SOFTEC2020 #ITExravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #LUNCH:ON
  LUNCH:ON is a food technology company created to take the hassle out of the daily lunch dilemma f...or busy office workers by offering the best meals at a significant discount and with no delivery fees. With its headquarters in the UAE, LUNCH:ON is going global with offices in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Egypt and several more to come this year. It has been named one of the 50 hottest tech companies in the world, and currently serves thousands of companies globally on a daily basis. #SOFTEC2020 #ITExravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #LUNCH:ON







With every flutter of an eyelash, the time, for registering as a Brand Ambassador for Developers’ Day 2020, nears its end. If you are interested in being a Bran...d Ambassador, this is your last chance to apply. Keep in mind the many perks you will attain with this position. Register before 12 tomorrow. Registration link: https://forms.gle/JrEFn8KAtkqo3iFS6
DECS has always been beyond the expectations of people by their continuous efforts. We are proud to bring forward RUNWAY PAKISTAN as our Digital Media Partner w...ho will be making our event special! It is a team of highly committed and inventive individuals, and will keep you acquainted with all the relevant scoops. We are grateful to have you at DECS 'SPOTLIGHT' as our valued partner! #DECS2020 #Getready #Dramatics #Singing #livemusic #actingwars #art #Spotlight
DECS has always been beyond the expectations of people by their continuous efforts. We are proud to bring forward RUNWAY PAKISTAN as our Digital Media Partner w...ho will be making our event special! It is a team of highly committed and inventive individuals, and will keep you acquainted with all the relevant scoops. We are grateful to have you at DECS 'SPOTLIGHT' as our valued partner! #DECS2020 #Getready #Dramatics #Singing #livemusic #actingwars #art #Spotlight

"JOB OPPORTUNITY" The ideal candidate should have the following: 3- WordPress expert, having complete understanding of wordpress CMS in-n-out and can code functions, themes and plugins. (Compulsory) 5- Familiarity with Other Platforms such as Magento2, Shopify, Bigcommerce and node.js is a plus. (Optional) - A person with clear vision and problem solving skills will be preferred who can give his insight in the project/tasks and can provide best-fit solutions. Fast, reliable and efficient persons only. Interested Candidates can drop their Portfolio on the given Contact: S-12, Second Floor, E-8 Markaz Plaza, Saidpur Road, Rawalpindi
"JOB OPPORTUNITY" PHP Developer required PHP developer required who have experience of WordPress as well. The ideal candidate should have the following: 1- PHP/MySQL experience with proven track record. (Compulsory) 2- Have worked on PHP frameworks like Laravel and CodeIgniter 3- WordPress expert, having complete understanding of wordpress CMS in-n-out and can code functions, themes and plugins. (Compulsory) 4- Familiarity with front-end technologies like Angular, React would be preferred however not mandatory. (Optional) 5- Familiarity with Other Platforms such as Magento2, Shopify, Bigcommerce and node.js is a plus. (Optional) Roles: - A person will have to complete website development related tasks assigned to him/her. - All tasks will be monitored through different tools such as HiveDesk and Zoom. - A person with clear vision and problem solving skills will be preferred who can give his insight in the project/tasks and can provide best-fit solutions. Fast, reliable and efficient persons only. Must have experience and past projects/work to show. Interested Candidates can drop their Portfolio on the given Contact: or Applicants can also visit us at: S-12, Second Floor, E-8 Markaz Plaza, Saidpur Road, Rawalpindi

Conciseness is the easiest route to getting your idea across, with an accurate intonation, precise set of words and a secure body language you're all set!
Following the success of SENTEC's annual magazine, Scizine, our team of intellectuals is yet again ready to bring to you another dose of updated information on ...science, engineering and all things technology! For the aforementioned purpose, it is requested to you to submit your articles fulfilling the guidelines below: - Your article must be science/engineering/technology oriented, final year projects may also be taken into account for the content of articles - The article submitted must be original and not plagiarized/ copied from sources online. - The article should not exceed 700 words. - All the articles must be submitted before March 14th, 2020. Your noteful contribution and response towards the 2020 edition of our magazine is awaited. Submit your article here https://forms.gle/JmcjVeDKhRi2Dmf27 #SENTECMAGAZINE'20
Following the success of SENTEC's annual magazine, Scizine, our team of intellectuals is yet again ready to bring to you another dose of updated information on ...science, engineering and all things technology! For the aforementioned purpose, it is requested to you to submit your articles fulfilling the guidelines below: - Your article must be science/engineering/technology oriented, final year projects may also be taken into account for the content of articles - The article submitted must be original and not plagiarized/ copied from sources online. - The article should not exceed 700 words. - All the articles must be submitted before March 14th, 2020. Your noteful contribution and response towards the 2020 edition of our magazine is awaited. Submit your article here https://forms.gle/JmcjVeDKhRi2Dmf27 #SENTECMAGAZINE'20

Like a wise person once said, "Persistance makes all the difference", and the WebMasters has finally proven it. After months long of hard work and sacrifices, t...he sweet fruit of labour is here. The official website of FAST-NUCES is released. Keep your fingers crossed for the great unveiling! Link : http://khi.nu.edu.pk/ #DesignedDevelopedDeployed

Like a wise person once said, "Persistance makes all the difference", and the WebMasters has finally proven it. After months long of hard work and sacrifices, t...he sweet fruit of labour is here. The official website of FAST-NUCES is released. Keep your fingers crossed for the great unveiling! Link : http://khi.nu.edu.pk/ #DesignedDevelopedDeployed
Like a wise person once said, "Persistance makes all the difference", and the WebMasters has finally proven it. After months long of hard work and sacrifices, t...he sweet fruit of labour is here. The official website of FAST-NUCES is released. Keep your fingers crossed for the great unveiling! Link : http://khi.nu.edu.pk/ #DesignedDevelopedDeployed
 We provide quality antique finishes on metal items ( buttons, rivits, buckles, sliders, door lo...cks, sofa chairnails, safety pins, antique showpieces, etc. ) of Brass, Iron, Pewter, Zinc Alloys & Stainless Steel (S.S)

 SOFTEC'20 is getting closer by every passing day and seats are running out as we speak! Such is the prestigious... nature of the biggest IT Expo in Pakistan! So, we're urging you all to register in your favourite modules before 15th March 2020 ASAP!  If you're unregistered, register now!  #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #Registration #Deadline #CreateWhatMatters
 We provide quality antique finishes on metal items ( buttons, rivits, buckles, sliders, door lo...cks, sofa chairnails, safety pins, antique showpieces, etc. ) of Brass, Iron, Pewter, Zinc Alloys & Stainless Steel (S.S)
Align the individual tiles to unravel the puzzle that is a successful interview.  Arrive at the location 15 minutes prior to the assigned time, to bring out the professional in you, to leave a mark where it is most significant.

 In the field of IT and tech, web development is one that has been on trending since it came out, and it... will be in the future as well. SOFTEC is here in order to give you a platform that will stack you up against the best developers out there at SOFTEC'20 Web Dev Competition sponsored by CureMD Pakistan. So, prepare yourself and save your dates because this is something to be reckoned with. Register now!  #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #WebDev #CreateWhatMatters
 Want to test your web dev skills against some of the best web developers out there? Then come to SOFTEC...'20's Web Dev Competition sponsored by CureMD Pakistan. Polish your CSS, HTML and JS skills and register ASAP while seats remain. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #WebDevCompetition


 Rules: https://docs.google.com/…/11lxzyeDVMl8v55w7eROj58f8Qx…/edit…
The CS:GO Competition is right around the corner so y'all better stack up on ammo and get ready!
S-P-E-L-L it out on the 3rd day of Geek Week 2020 at our Spelling Bee Contest! Be at FAST NU Lahore on 1st March if you want to participate! The rules are simpl...e: Team Size: 2 members/team Participation fee: Rs. 600 per team Prize:Rs. 6000 per team
 The HighQ Contest will be held at FAST NU Lahore in the 4-5pm slot on all 3 days of Geek Week 2020 ...(28th Feb-1st March)! Gear up for the HighQ Contest by getting familiar with the rules here: https://docs.google.com/…/1Yj1uUQ4FvKw7w8WfZyhNaHZ-1p…/edit…
𝘿𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙡𝙤𝙥𝙚𝙧𝙨! 𝘼𝙨𝙨𝙚𝙢𝙗𝙡𝙚! DevFest is just around the corner and we want you to be up to date with the rules and regulations of the contest! • Participants will be g...iven questions a night before Geek Week  • The participants will bring the apps they have built on Day 2  of Geek Week (29th February) in the 6-8 time slot.  • They’ll present their app demos on a projector in front of judges and results will be decided by the judges accordingly. PARTICIPATION FEE: Rs. 1600 per team WINNING PRIZE: Rs. 18000 Team Size: 2-3 members/team
 • Contestants will be given snippets of code in C++.  • The code will have logical errors only. The contestants will be required to correct those errors.  • No compiler will be allowed.  • There will be a single round, 2-3 hours  long.  • The contestants will be graded according to the following criteria:                 correction of errors                  time taken to submit. • Team size: 1-2 members


 Want to test your web dev skills against some of the best web developers out there? Then come to SOFTEC...'20's Web Dev Competition sponsored by CureMD Pakistan. Polish your CSS, HTML and JS skills and register ASAP while seats remain. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #WebDevCompetition

What is the merit of BS CS and BS civil enginering at FAST? Fall 2019 NTS based Nu based
Team SOFTEC is honoured to announce CureMD Pakistan as its Gold Sponsor for SOFTEC'20. CureMD is a leading provider of innovative health information systems and... services that transform the administrative and clinical operations of healthcare organizations of all sizes. Their award winning solutions simplify decision making, streamline operations, and ensure compliance with industry standards and best practices; ultimately saving time and effort to maximize value and returns. #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #GoldSponsor #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC2020
 #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #MockProgrammingCompetition
Every year, Developers' Day strives for excellence in an attempt to connect students with the industry.  If you are prepared to devoting yourself and being a pa...rt of something extraordinary, you are just the person we're looking for. Becoming a brand ambassador for this event is an incredible chance to develop your skills and meet with professionals from the industry. In addition to this, Developers' Day 2020 gives you a lot of perks to make the day even better!  Register before it gets too late:   https://forms.gle/JrEFn8KAtkqo3iFS6
Be it development, update, or maintenance, Folio3 is known to always exceed expectations in each area. With innovative ideas and unique strategies, Folio3 is br...eaking barriers and continually cementing themselves as a force to be reckoned with. 
 Do you think you own a mixture of multidisciplinary skills ranging from complex Mathematics, Statistics..., Computer Science, Communication and Business? If yes then this is the right time to show the world! Prove how intelligent your code is by participating in SOFTEC'20's Artificial Intelligence competition sponsored by OMNO AI which is one of its kind! So, what are you waiting for? Register now! #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #AI #AICompetition #CreateWhatMatters
The world today is all about technical innovations, open-source hardwares and softwares which keep on bringing the evolution in the world of science.  UAV Drone..., in true words had been proven to be a marvel of today’s science. To bridge up the distance between academia and the advancement of technological psychomotor, Think n Create is introducing one of its finesse workshop, THE DRONE SHOW.  A platform to excavate deeply into the dig of your technical skills by assembling the furnished kits with the provided assistance by our qualified instructor. So get yourself registered given the link below. https://forms.gle/fTgAHFczLYBz9a83A.
Having problems with connecting to StudentXone again? Well, put your mind at ease, because the WebMasters is here to help yet again! Simply follow the instructions in the video and fix the problem. #designdevelopdeploy
 Buckle up folks! SOFTEC'20  introduces Artificial Intelligence Competition sponsored by OMNO AI. Artifi...cial Intelligence is the most sought after fields and the major interest in the field of research for all the techies and researchers out there. So, if you're a passionate AI researcher and are looking for a platform to showcase your ideas, then this is the best opportunity for you to do so. Register now and get a chance to win the biggest AI Competition by SOFTEC. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters
The world today is all about technical innovations, open-source hardwares and softwares which keep on bringing the evolution in the world of science.  UAV Drone..., in true words had been proven to be a marvel of today’s science. To bridge up the distance between academia and the advancement of technological psychomotor, Think n Create is introducing one of its finesse workshop, THE DRONE SHOW.  A platform to excavate deeply into the dig of your technical skills by assembling the furnished kits with the provided assistance by our qualified instructor. So get yourself registered given the link below. https://forms.gle/fTgAHFczLYBz9a83A.


Attention Programmers!!! We've got excellent news for you all! We've added a prize of Rs. 9000 for the Runner Up in Geek Week's Programming Competition! The Win...ner will get a prize of Rs. 18000!  So the stakes are higher than before! Register before seats run out! https://linktr.ee/nucesacmofficial

 Buckle up people! SOFTEC is thrilled to announce the engineering project competition for all the underg...raduates to test their skills in a highly anticipated event. The competition will follow the same rules as of any other software competition followed by three rounds judged by a  panel of skilled and expert judges. Are you ready to  test your skills and be a part of this exciting competition? Register for the biggest IT extravaganza of Pakistan and be a part of this Spectacular event. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #EngineeringProjectCompetition

 Dress the part and f...ind yourself climbing a step up the ladder to impress at the interviews. Leave a mark and cement your way to success.

The most rewarding part of being a part of the PROCOM'20 is, being surrounded by like-minded, ambitious individuals with whom you will be able to grow, learn, a...nd share. So, get along our registration team at your university at UBIT and IQRA North campus, from 10 am to 5 pm, and be the part of the biggest tech event of Pakistan




Every event of FAST should be owned by each and every Fastian. We request you to share and like the new page of the flagship event of FAST, PROCOM. #FastiansUnity #WebMastersXProcom

 We produce quality antique finishes on metal items of Iron, Brass, Zinc, Pewter & Stainless Stee...l.
We, at NUCES-KHI-ACM, are proud to announce that we are scouting for Brand Ambassadors to spread the word of our upcoming event, Developers' Day, 2020. If you feel like your speech delivery skills are polished enough, click the link below to apply as one of our Ambassadors: https://forms.gle/JrEFn8KAtkqo3iFS6

The hottest topic in all of app development! 🔥🤯 Google DSC FAST, in collaboration with NUCS, brings to you an introductory workshop on Firebase! This is Google's famous No-SQL database + server platform which has hosted more than 1 million apps to date! It is trending now and will be a huge part of application development history.  Event Link: https://www.facebook.com/events/196450328129542/ Venue: MEDC
Geek Week 2020 is right around the corner and it is definitely the only event with the potential to satisfy all of your geekish cravings. So come over to FAST N...UCES Lahore from February 28th to March 1st and witness the only perfect event of 2020! Regsitrations are open! Register here! https://linktr.ee/nucesacmofficial
Here it is guys!! The geekiest event of the year is back with all the promised workshops and learning opportunities along with all the competitions for those wh...o love to test their abilities in a challenging environment. All this from February 28th to March 1st! Registrations have been reopened now, so be quick in making your place in Geek Week 2020 edition. Following are the links: Competitions: https://forms.gle/dvdFfuU1gg8r52QE8 Seminars and Workshops: https://forms.gle/B7uF6Zn7JAvuas2C7
Single and double seater rooms available at very affordable prices! Hygienic, delicious homemade food Filtered water Students' seperate kitchen... Fridge and deep-freezer for residents 24/7 security cameras  Security guard on gate Personal wardrobes No risk of theft Carpeted rooms Market across the street AC units installed UPS and generator running No men allowed inside Privacy and comfort guaranteed! We welcome all students and professionals from all institutions. Please pay us a visit to meet us and book your seat!  We're situated in house # 1, street 22, F-8/2, Islamabad. It's at walking distance from Bahria University, Air University, National Defence University, COMWAVE, and UCI.  Give us a call at 0333-5221419 ASAP for further inquiries. https://www.facebook.com/alnaafaygirlshostel/
Developers' Day, where intellects collide and innovative ideas battle it out, in a field of raw brain power and hope-fuelled vision, to observe who comes out on... top.
Developers' Day, where intellects collide and innovative ideas battle it out, in a field of raw brain power and hope-fuelled vision, to observe who comes out on... top.


At FAST NUCES Lahore, we invest in knowledge and opportunity that strains to stand out in the crowd while outshining in your respective field. 
 So you mi...ght be wondering, "Now that I'm registered in this mega event, how do I even submit my payment". Well never fear because PROCOM is here and once again with a solution. So don't worry about the Goblins eating up your money because we have provided with a bullet proof solution to your payment problems. 
 Do you have what it takes to rise to the top? Can you be the last one standing? If yes, start revising ...your codes, make room for new batteries and test your Robots at RoboRumble at SOFTEC'20! For all pros and creators of mechanics, it's time to showcase your talent and prove everyone your quality at the biggest IT Extravaganza of Pakistan. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #RoboRumble #Robots #Battle #CreateWhatMatters

Worried about what you may get asked during an interview? If absolute preparation seems unattainable and the stress levels seem to sky rocket, fret not!  Develo...pers’ Day 2020 brings some viable tips to help you out.
 Only one of the most happening events there is, what with its competitions, panel discussions, tech seminars and the much reno...wned job fair. Developers' Day, the one event that offers you so much under one roof. It is where you indulge yourself in a highly thought-provoking gathering of numerous talented individuals, and end the day with a feeling of utmost satisfaction.
With a name synonymous with a legendary weapon of precision and power, it's no wonder that the Students of Barrett Hodgson University showcase the same characte...ristics. And who are we to not test those markers of quality and excellence. We come to you and bring you your targets, and wait to see how precise the marksman of Barrett are when it comes to competing against the rest. So catch team PROCOM members on your campus and register for the largest professional event of Pakistan.
 We have heard of the hype beasts of IoBM, the masters of fate and the black Smith's of leadership.... We enter your domain with our Company of Challenges. Let see the Celebrities of Management show their talents in our clash of techs and checks.  Catch our PROCOM team members on your campus and register for the biggest professional event of Pakistan
With the advent of the spring semester, the respective students of Batch 17, the juniors, step one semester closer towards their FYPs.
 Only one of the most happening events there is, what with its competitions, panel discussions, tech seminars and the much reno...wned job fair. Developers' Day, the one event that offers you so much under one roof. It is where you indulge yourself in a highly thought-provoking gathering of numerous talented individuals, and end the day with a feeling of utmost satisfaction.
 Only one of the most happening events there is, what with its competitions, panel discussions, tech seminars and the much reno...wned job fair. Developers' Day, the one event that offers you so much under one roof. It is where you indulge yourself in a highly thought-provoking gathering of numerous talented individuals, and end the day with a feeling of utmost satisfaction.
SOFTEC is proud to announce OMNO AI  as our Silver Sponsor! They will be sponsoring our Artificial Intelligence Competition.  OMNO AI is an industry leader in A...I and Machine Learning that enjoys excellent market reputation locally and globally. OMNO AI is working on complex problems in various AI domains including Computer Vision and Deep Learning, NLP, Data Science and Big Data. This AI venture has earned top place through its disruptive products in the fields of Sports Data Analytics, Customer Data Analytics, Traffic Analytics and Monitoring, Smart Digital Advertisement and Experiential Marketing to name a few. Their work and experience in the field of Artificial Intelligence has made them an essential part of SOFTEC. OMNO AI has team SOFTEC's heartfelt gratitude for being a part of SOFTEC'20. Team SOFTEC looks forward to work with OMNO AI. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #OMNOAI

 We call out the great coders of UBIT to come forth and challenge the rest at this art of cout<<"Epicness";  So catch our team members at your campus tomorrow and bring out that savage coder in you and show everyone that you have what it takes to wear the crown of champions.
The most gigantic and momentous event, PROCOM has always fostered ways for innovations for shrewd logistics. PROCOM truly comprehends the power of enhanced soft...ware and modern apps to bring constructive possessions to society. Team PROCOM feels the utmost pleasure while presenting to you ‘GOODCORE’ as its Platinum sponsor. In this vast escalated tech market where firms intend paths for small scale development, GoodCore is serving impressively with local and overseas clienteles through working nimbly with its skilled professionals to make things in an orchestrated manner. With this vision of advancements and contribution to the tech world around the globe, they are destined to be inspirational for masses.
 Now the architect of his own startup, his testimonial runs thus.
The most gigantic and momentous event, PROCOM has always fostered ways for innovations for shrewd logistics. PROCOM truly comprehends the power of enhanced soft...ware and modern apps to bring constructive possessions to society. Team PROCOM feels the utmost pleasure while presenting to you ‘GOODCORE’ as its Platinum sponsor. In this vast escalated tech market where firms intend paths for small scale development, GoodCore is serving impressively with local and overseas clienteles through working nimbly with its skilled professionals to make things in an orchestrated manner. With this vision of advancements and contribution to the tech world around the globe, they are destined to be inspirational for masses.

hello girls are you ready to hangout on this weekend .. ???  only in 3500/head book your seats as early as possible limited seats are available https://www.facebook.com/events/191215911953079/
While technicalities and a thing or two about the exact nuts and bolts are important, it's also quite rather good to know how to exactly frame complex mechanism...s and how to abstract away the fuzziest of details that goes on inside the software. To solve that problem, UI/UX exists to give a good, deep inside view of how to exactly the design, connect, and give users an easier learning curve so they understand the ways of interaction with your application. Join us on Wednesday as we talk about an introduction in 'Design Thinking', how we define it and what major role it plays to sell ideas and concepts to users, how to exactly think about it, and how it innovates about how the general populace generally think about software. See you soon! Team DSC NUCES, Khi #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs
"The arena is set, champions enter the ground and the crowd screams with excitement" PROCOM wouldn't be what it is without the multiple Competitions that it boa...sts and covers every inch of testable talent via its critical analysis. So without further ado, here are the Competitions of PROCOM'20.  Choose your domain and enter the arena as a gladiator of your field and showcase the pure talent that you have exercised all this time.  Register here: http://www.procom20.net 
Hey, can guys tell me about programming languages they use in FASTNUCES during the first two semester?

Kindly Dnt ignore the post it will take hardly 3-5 mins from ur precious time and will help me in my research work. Kindly guys fill the survey questionniare given below_😊 https://forms.gle/iSv5JcKe2V5QCNZVA
 Do you reckon that you have the skills to pull off one of the most anticipated competition of #SOFTEC? ...You guessed that right! SOFTEC is here with its graphic design competition to invite all the pro graphic designers to showcase their skills and talent at the most extreme and competitive levels. So mark your calenders because this is something you don't want to miss! Register now! #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #GraphicDesigning

With each falling grain of sand, we inch closer to the year's most awaited event. To keep up with this momentous journey, we provide you with yet another platfo...rm. Follow us on Instagram now and stay updated with the latest news regarding Karachi's most eminent conglomerate event, Developers' Day 2020.



Like blocks of lego piecing together an intricate yet colossal masterpiece, the marketing team is an essential to keep the legacy of Developers' Day thriving. T...eam NUCES KHI ACM invites you to showcase your skillset at the marketing inductions for Developers' Day 2020 that are now underway.



 Looking for a platform to exhibit your talent? So the wait is over. SOFTEC'20 being the biggest IT even...t brings a chance for all young kids to discover your  hidden talent with Ideas Xtreme Competition. With Ideas Xtreme, unleash your unique ideas and avail a chance to share it with everyone.  So register yourself and step forward to become a future IT expert!
Here at PROCOM, we believe in continuing and enriching our legacy, a motto shared by our Technical Partner, Developer.com.pk. Since its meager beginnings as a s...mall web development firm in 2010, Developer.com.pk has since climbed the ranks to become a leading digital service provider in the country and today, the name is synonymous with reliability. The agency provides a wide array of services to their clients, including but not limited to web development, digital branding, marketing and data analytics. To boot, their site is amazingly pretty, check it out at:  (you guessed it) Developer.com.pk
Here at PROCOM, we believe in continuing and enriching our legacy, a motto shared by our Technical Partner, Developer.com.pk. Since its meager beginnings as a s...mall web development firm in 2010, Developer.com.pk has since climbed the ranks to become a leading digital service provider in the country and today, the name is synonymous with reliability. The agency provides a wide array of services to their clients, including but not limited to web development, digital branding, marketing and data analytics. To boot, their site is amazingly pretty, check it out at:  (you guessed it) Developer.com.pk
 Checkout what one of the previous organizers has to say about Developers' Day; a quintessentially complete experience.


We've added a mentorship programme to FAST NUCES  so that you can build skills and share knowledge with another member of our community. I am excited to see all of us build stronger relationships with each other and I hope that you'll join. Here's how the programme works: https://web.facebook.com/fbmentorship/signup/?application_id=4090953140930708








 Are you guys bored with the regular programming assignments you get in college? Don't worry, SOFTEC'20 ...presents for you people its very own Programming Competition sponsored by educative. The Programming Competition attracts brilliant minds from all over the country so, do you have what it takes to compete with the very best? Register now to show your skills!  #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #CreateWhatMatters #ProgrammingCompetition

 Are you guys bored with the regular programming assignments you get in college? Don't worry, SOFTEC'20 ...presents for you people its very own Programming Competition sponsored by educative. The Programming Competition attracts brilliant minds from all over the country so, do you have what it takes to compete with the very best? Register now to show your skills!  #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #CreateWhatMatters #ProgrammingCompetition

 Join us on ...as we unravel the mystery of the official logo of one of this semester's biggest events; Developers' Day 2020!
 Team PROCOM is coming to SSUET to enlist some of th...e best participants in the field of technology and Excellence. Make sure to catch our members on your campus and register for the largest tech event of Pakistan.
It is indeed through art, that we can either lose ourselves completely or find ourselves from the deepest pits we might have fallen into.  DECS revives the new ...year with yet another enthusiastic event! Presenting to you, SPOTLIGHT 2020, a wholesome combination of music and drama. Exercise your vocal cords, practice your acting skills and step up on stage to dazzle everyone with some glorious performances. #livemusic #actingwars #art

 SOFTEC'20 wants you to test your knowledge on a whole new level. With that said, we are proud to announ...ce our very own edition of a programming competition sponsored by @Educative! Exciting as it sounds, this competition will make you test your coding skills and will give you a taste of stressed programming in a competitive environment. Do you think you can out-code everyone there? Register now! #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC

 Join us on ...as we unravel the mystery of the official logo of one of this semester's biggest events; Developers' Day 2020!

 After the overwhelming success of our last workshop, we are *back* with yet another insightful and exciting program for you! Right from the source _(@Google),_ DSC FAST Islamabad, in collaboration with National University Computing Society, brings to you a *proposal writing workshop* which will kickstart your application for the prestigious *Google Summer of Code*! *OPEN FOR OUTSIDERS - FORWARD TO ALL YOUR COLLEAGUES AND INTER-UNIVERSITY FRIENDS*  *Event Link:* https://www.facebook.com/events/1068983590110400/ *Timing:* Friday, 7 February 2020 *Venue:* Fast University Islamabad. *Registration Link:* https://bit.ly/392rTzx *Note:* Outsiders are allowed, but _registration is mandatory._ *Registration Deadline:* Wednesday, 5 February 2020




Amidst the work of everyday life, Developers' Day stands out as the epitome of brilliance and marks history with its glorious achievements.






What's up folks? The biggest I.T Extravanganza of Pakistan is back again in all its grandeur and splendor. This time SOFTEC'20 is about creating what matters. F...ollowing the legacy, this time the level, standards and the stakes are much higher so, prepare well people. Save the date because the event is just around the corner. Don't miss this opportunity. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters

Join us on 3 Days #valentines Trip to #Swat #Kalam #malamjabba #UshuForest . Its an open invitation everyone can join us. (13th Feb - 16th Feb 2020)  For Booking & Information  - Mobile : 0334 1211660 0317 6655493  - Tour Duration & Dates: - Duration: 3 days 2 nights | 13th Feb - 16 Feb 2020  |TRIP COST| --From Lahore 10,000/- Per Head --From Islamabad 9,500/- Per Head


 Register for CareForAll now through the link below: ... https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfOe7cBXgSUosp7d…/viewform…
We, here at NUCES KHI ACM, do not peddle falsehoods, but still like to maintain an air of mystery. With our repeated theme of blue over the ages, this Developer...s’ Day, it’s finally time to change our color palette and drape ourselves in newer color tones.
What's up folks? The biggest I.T Extravanganza of Pakistan is back again in all its grandeur and splendor. This time SOFTEC'20 is about creating what matters. F...ollowing the legacy, this time the level, standards and the stakes are much higher so, prepare well people. Save the date because the event is just around the corner. Don't miss this opportunity. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters


Behold tech geeks! The biggest I.T Extravaganza of Pakistan is here and we are more than excited to invite you all to be a part of it. The registrations are ope...ning on 3rd February 2020. So, stay tuned to get more updates on registrations and register as soon as the link is up! #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza. #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC

 Register now through the link below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd1pVOw7jo7pBGYV…/viewform… #CareForAll2019_20 #FASTCare #WeCareDoYou #FASTCareWeCare #FASTCaresForYou #AaoMuashraBanayein #2DaysToGo
 Register now through the link below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd1pVOw7jo7pBGYV…/viewform… #CareForAll2019_20 #FASTCare #WeCareDoYou #FASTCareWeCare #FASTCaresForYou #AaoMuashraBanayein #2DaysToGo
 CareForAll brings to you an OpenMic Session with our panelists because we believe dia...logue can drive actions and change perspectives! Register for CareForAll now through the link below:  https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfOe7cBXgSUosp7d…/viewform…
 CareForAll brings to you an OpenMic Session with our panelists because we believe dia...logue can drive actions and change perspectives! Register for CareForAll now through the link below:  https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfOe7cBXgSUosp7d…/viewform…
We've got another brain tester for you guys! Drop your answer in the comments and let's see who get's it right this time. #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC2020

 We delightly announce Brand Ambassadors for this year's PROCOM. We are enthusiastic to work with such passionate individuals. We hope you play a vital role in gathering gifted participants for the 22nd iteration of PROCOM and make history for the world to witness.


 Apply now through the link below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd1pVOw7jo7pBGYV…/viewform… #CareForAll2019_20 #FASTCare #WeCareDoYou #FASTCareWeCare #FASTCaresForYou #AaoMuashraBanayein #3DaysToGo


 #fatimagroup #recruitmentdrive2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Lahore #empowertolead #E2L2020 #MBA #BSCS



Are you ready? Are you up for the challenge? Do you have what it takes to go up against competitive members of your own field? It is time to participate in SOFT...EC'20 and show off your amazing skills in one or more competitions. Competitions push you to achieve more so have no fear. Buckle up for SOFTEC'20 and keep an eye out for registrations opening soon. #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC #CreateWhatMatters
 The event day is closer than ever and with that may come the worries... of commute. Though, you may fret not! Team NU-FEST takes it upon itself to provide you with the convenience of absolutely free transport services to and from the campus; the point system.  Attached below are the routes from all over the city. Please find one with the nearest stop to your abode. Make sure to be ready and on the stop a little before the mentioned time to avoid any inconvenience. If you have any queries, feel free to contact at the numbers mentioned.
 Registrations are open! Link: https://forms.gle/tSm8M8DuY8mHwvM6A
Time now to introduce our bronze sponsor Solution Inn for SOFTEC'20.   SolutionInn is a highly adaptive, rapidly growing web-portal for freelancing and outsourc...ing that allows students to connect with tutors from around the globe coupled with the learning materials including the textbooks, textbook answers, case studies, step-by-step guides, and tailored answers. Having a solution library with over 1.5 million question answers and over 58000 tutors on board, SolutionInn is one of the leading global portal for academic help. Sign up for a free trial now to find programming books including Programming the World Wide Web and Introduction to Java Programming (Comprehensive Version) and make studying easier. http://bit.ly/2E1FrxK Team SOFTEC is highly grateful to SolutionInn for being a part of Software House Enclosure at SOFTEC'20!
Guys! This year we have separate breaks for under-17 teams. So hurry up and register. For Registrations, sign up using the following links: A team can be regist...ered for PKR 1000 in both Urdu and English categories. Urdu Registrations: https://forms.gle/GBTHHA8JXb5d6Qf58 English Registrations: https://forms.gle/hu7rxnJxvnEuxLf58
 PROCOM isn't done with you just yet. With a successful day 1 of inductions and a hopeful tomor...row, we await your arrival on the day 2 of inductions. Get another chance to capture the opportunity and be a part of the change.  Venue: EE AUDITORIUM Timing: 9am to 4pm
Thank you everyone, for attending Flutter Interact Extended. We hope you had as much fun and knowledge attending it as our DSC NUCES's App Lead, Shakeeb Siddiqu...i did presenting it. Stay tuned for the series of workshops planned for you guys on Flutter and get ready to experience the journey of building an app. 🚀 #DeveloperStudentClubs #DSCNUCES #FlutterInteract #BuildwithGoogle #FlutterinteractExtended
 PROCOM isn't done with you just yet. With a successful day 1 of inductions and a hopeful tomor...row, we await your arrival on the day 2 of inductions. Get another chance to capture the opportunity and be a part of the change.  Venue: EE AUDITORIUM Timing: 9am to 4pm
 PROCOM isn't done with you just yet. With a successful day 1 of inductions and a hopeful tomor...row, we await your arrival on the day 2 of inductions. Get another chance to capture the opportunity and be a part of the change.  Venue: EE AUDITORIUM Timing: 9am to 4pm
Are you ready? Are you up for the challenge? Do you have what it takes to go up against competitive members of your own field? It is time to participate in SOFT...EC'20 and show off your amazing skills in one or more competitions. Competitions push you to achieve more so have no fear. Buckle up for SOFTEC'20 and keep an eye out for registrations opening soon. #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC #CreateWhatMatters
 Let the rhythms of Auj The Band serenade you through the wonderful evening of NIGHTSCAPE. Feast your soul... with a variety of delicacies all under the NU-FEST food festival roof. And get yourself there through the highly convenient free transportation provided by Team NU-FEST itself.  With all this and much more, NU-FEST is where you should all head to.
 PROCOM isn't done with you just yet. With a successful day 1 of inductions and a hopeful tomor...row, we await your arrival on the day 2 of inductions. Get another chance to capture the opportunity and be a part of the change.  Venue: EE AUDITORIUM Timing: 9am to 4pm
Owing to numerous requests received last semester, this workshop was postponed.On 29th January, the registrations will be open again!

 If uncle Sam can get a huge group to join the cause then we can too. So listen up all FASTians, PROCOM needs you to join ...the cause.  Venue: EE AUDITORIUM Timing: 1pm to 4pm (Monday) 9am to 4pm (Tuesday)
SOFTEC'20 is proud to announce Educative as its Gold Sponsor. Educative provides interactive and adaptive courses for software developers. Moreover, it is also ...equipped to cater pre-configured learning environments that adapt to match a developer's skill level. Educative is providing 6 months free access of all the courses to students based on github student status verification which is enabled after signup through university email. So, avail this facility and claim free courses for 6 months from Educative's rich catalog of academic content through this link: https://tinyurl.com/vyvnamo #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters
 If uncle Sam can get a huge group to join the cause then we can too. So listen up all FASTians, PROCOM needs you to join ...the cause.  Venue: EE AUDITORIUM Timing: 1pm to 4pm (Monday) 9am to 4pm (Tuesday)
SOFTEC'20 is proud to announce Educative as its Gold Sponsor. Educative provides interactive and adaptive courses for software developers. Moreover, it is also ...equipped to cater pre-configured learning environments that adapt to match a developer's skill level. Educative is providing 6 months free access of all the courses to students based on github student status verification which is enabled after signup through university email. So, avail this facility and claim free courses for 6 months from Educative's rich catalog of academic content through this link: https://tinyurl.com/vyvnamo #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters

Are you feeling the pressure yet? Of the gruesome schedule? The impending assignments? The mids that’ll be here before you know it? We understand an average FAS...TIAN’s struggles and FPC is here with something fun to look forward to. This is your chance to kick back, relax and catch a movie with your friends. We will reveal more of our exciting plans very soon!



Hook it up in Flutter Interact Extended - DSC NUCES, and easily iterate on the design in both Flutter and Rive. To ensure you are all prepped up for the worksho...ps, please install the following software on your laptops. 1 - Android Studio (https://developer.android.com/studio) 2 - JDK 8 (https://www.oracle.com/…/downl…/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html…) 3 - Flutter SDK (https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install) Monday, January 27th, 2020 Timings: 11:0 AM - 1:00 PM Venue: CS Building LAB 4 Only for Fastians! #FlutterInteractExtendend #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs #GoogleDevelopers #BuildwithGoogle
PROCOM has always seen tough competition among its competitors. It has never been easy to achieve success in the challenging event. Yet many institutions proved... that they can excel at PROCOM because of their talented and skillful students.  SSUET and UBIT truly proved their worth in the previous years. Will one of them steal the event again or is the glory destined for some other institution this year? Surely we'll witness the students of an institution outshining all, this year on the event day. Stay tuned to find out more about the event. #LegacyRedefined #Procom2020
 What's up freshies? Are you guys ready to witness the biggest I.T event of Pakistan? Well the time... is right  for you guys to come forward now and be a part of team #SOFTEC2020 .  Team SOFTEC is looking for aspiring volunteers and we have high expectations from you guys. Here are some of the perks of being a volunteer at SOFTEC to boost your morale and motivate you guys! Have a peek at the list right now! #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC #CreateWhatMatters

Walking in unprepared to the biggest tech event of Pakistan seems not the optimum option one should opt for. Inorder to keep your mental gears churned up for pr...eparation, we have some more challenging questions to defiance your skillsets.

 https://forms.gle/dvdFfuU1gg8r52QE8 You might need to sharpen your Chess tactics and strategy and work on your posi...tions because Geek Week is coming back with the biggest Chess tournament in Lahore.  So, do you think you have what it takes to checkmate every opponent in the tournament? Do you think you can En passant your way to victory? Or do you think you are a Pakistani Bobby Fischer? If yes, then come to Geek Week '20 and prove it! Keep following Geek Week for more details!

We're here with the best, most informative seminars and workshops of 2019 and we want you to attend them in the most economical way possible! So register here a...nd select the package of your choice: https://forms.gle/B7uF6Zn7JAvuas2C7 The Graphic Designing Workshop Registration Form: https://forms.gle/ekQQKvM8oP4XhGah8 We've decided to offer 7 packages to the participants who are interested in workshops and seminars. Each package offers a combination of workshops and seminars. The participants are free to choose the modules of their liking. They may also register in individual workshops or seminars. Those who select the Gauntlet Package will get access to ALL workshops and seminars. For further details, give us a follow!
 https://forms.gle/dvdFfuU1gg8r52QE8
GUYS GUYS GUYS! Registrations for the HighQ Contest are open!! It's the most competitive and innovative IQ Contest out there so you better register ASAP because... they're gonna reach their cap soon! https://forms.gle/dvdFfuU1gg8r52QE8 Being able to link clues, forming connections, and having a lot of "Geek Knowledge" is what makes you different from everyone else who has bookish knowledge. Geek Week 2020's HighQ Contest is one that will test your logic, reasoning, and general knowledge in a way you've never experienced before! With 3 equally exciting and excruciatingly challenging rounds, we guarantee that your thirst for brain testers will be satisfied! So, click the Going button and register before the seats fill out!!!
Who said tech events can't be fun? Well, we certainly did not! Register for the CS:GO Competition now!!! https://forms.gle/dvdFfuU1gg8r52QE8 Gamers stack your a...mmo and flex your fingers for we're here with the biggest and baddest CS:GO Tournament of 2020!  With a level playing field ensuring only the best team wins, we're sure to make this a heated battle along-with all of you! Exciting prizes await the winners!  Keep following us to find out more!
 https://forms.gle/dvdFfuU1gg8r52QE8
NUCES ACM is proud to present it's official Outreach Partners for the biggest tech event of the year: Geek Week 2020! We hope to make Geek Week an event to remember, together, for you guys! So follow us for further updates!
FASTCare is proud to announce its second speaker for CareForAll2019-20, Ambreen Waheed!  Ambreen is an internationally recognized founder and advisor for Respon...sible Business Initiative, Pakistan's first internationally recognized CSR Think Tank that engages government, business, academia, human rights, and environmental protection organizations. She was also the National Advisor and lead researcher on "Business Partnership for Peace." Being a shining symbol of women empowerment, Ambreen Waheed has spoken on various eye-opening topics in the US,  Singapore, New York City, Egypt & Switzerland, etc.  FASTCare encourages you to witness Ambreen Waheed spread her talent and mesmerize the audience by her powerful words.  Register for CareForAll2019-20 through the link below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd1pVOw7jo7pBGYV…/viewform…
 https://forms.gle/dvdFfuU1gg8r52QE8 The simplest of bugs usually tend to take the very best programmers to their limits.... There is nothing more annoying than a bug in one's code and even finding those bugs is an art. So this is a call to the "Debugging Community" to rise up and flaunt their skills in Geek Week '20's Catch a Bug Competition!
 Ke...ep up with PROCOM'20 by following our Twitter handle at @procom2020 and be sure to keep chirping about the greatest event of Pakistan.
 Ke...ep up with PROCOM'20 by following our Twitter handle at @procom2020 and be sure to keep chirping about the greatest event of Pakistan.
Since the advent of SOFTEC, it has been a promoter of paving a way for young intellectuals to bring forth their innovations to the I.T industry. With this very ...concept we reveal our logo for SOFTEC'20, "Create What Matters." Since the creation of retro computers, the advancements in the I.T industry have been inevitable. The creation of simple logical and mathematical retro computers led to the idea of evolution by creating much improved softwares. Today, with each passing year, the I.T industry is being revolutionised at a rate much faster than before. Since simple retro computers led to smartphones today, who knows how your innovation would contribute to pave the way for the generations of advancements and revolutions to come in the future. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters
Since the advent of SOFTEC, it has been a promoter of paving a way for young intellectuals to bring forth their innovations to the I.T industry. With this very ...concept we reveal our logo for SOFTEC'20, "Create What Matters." Since the creation of retro computers, the advancements in the I.T industry have been inevitable. The creation of simple logical and mathematical retro computers led to the idea of evolution by creating much improved softwares. Today, with each passing year, the I.T industry is being revolutionised at a rate much faster than before. Since simple retro computers led to smartphones today, who knows how your innovation would contribute to pave the way for the generations of advancements and revolutions to come in the future. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters
 Team NU-FEST has a special discount on the concert tickets for all FASTIANS. Grab your tickets for only Rs 500/- from the nearest registration desk present in the campus or fill the form above, and get a chance to experience a thrilling musical night!
What's up tech geeks?  Are you all looking forward to hear more from Team SOFTEC. Then, follow us on our social media platforms to check out on latest updates a...nd information regarding #SOFTEC2020. Following is the list of all our channels. So, subscribe to our platforms right now to not miss any details regarding SOFTEC'20. Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAIzbifNMbMKkMJn5bqQ8aA #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC2020
What's up tech geeks?  Are you all looking forward to hear more from Team SOFTEC. Then, follow us on our social media platforms to check out on latest updates a...nd information regarding #SOFTEC2020. Following is the list of all our channels. So, subscribe to our platforms right now to not miss any details regarding SOFTEC'20. Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAIzbifNMbMKkMJn5bqQ8aA #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC2020
The wait is over people! Everything is set and according to the plan for #SOFTEC2020. Presenting to you all, the official logo for SOFTEC'20.  Be a part of SOFT...EC this year to showcase your innovations and contributions to the world of tech because this time it's all about creating what matters!  #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza

The wait is over people! Everything is set and according to the plan for #SOFTEC2020. Presenting to you all, the official logo for SOFTEC'20.  Be a part of SOFT...EC this year to showcase your innovations and contributions to the world of tech because this time it's all about creating what matters!  #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
The wait is over people! Everything is set and according to the plan for #SOFTEC2020. Presenting to you all, the official logo for SOFTEC'20.  Be a part of SOFT...EC this year to showcase your innovations and contributions to the world of tech because this time it's all about creating what matters!  #CreateWhatMatters #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
 Salman Sufi is known for his extraordinary efforts in Punjab as a public policy and reforms e...xpert where he has played a key role in women empowerment. Being a director-general of CM Punjab's strategic reforms unit, he has taken extensive actions for reforms not only for women empowerment but also for law and order, excise and taxation as well as graveyards. His most popular work is authoring the Punjab Protection of Women Against Violence Act 2016 as well as starting women on wheels campaign. He is presently a member of the International Vital Voices Solidarity Council and an award winner of the Mother Teresa award. Register now and become a part of CFA through the link below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd1pVOw7jo7pBGYV…/viewform…
As the famous saying by Franklin D Roosevelt goes "A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor", similarly you will never be able to acquire skill and excellence i...n your field without facing certain obstacles. Challenge your abilities in a competitive environment by participating in procom 2020 to gain a substantial experience. Apart from learning from the experience, you'll also be able to avail certain facilities by participating in the event. As a participant you'll be able to enjoy the benefits enlisted below: - free transportation on a variety of fixed routes. - complementary lunch on both days - free of cost knowledgeable and engaging seminars  - beneficial job fair - arranged job interviewes to give you a boost in your career - startup fest where the participants will depict their unique and creative ideas regarding startups - Hackathon where you'll be able to exhibit your problem solving skills  - delightful food stalls to engage your hunger - a pleasant social event - a certificate to acknowledge your participation in our event Don't wait any longer because the clock is constantly ticking. Register now and avail these astounding benefits along with your participation.

As the famous saying by Franklin D Roosevelt goes "A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor", similarly you will never be able to acquire skill and excellence i...n your field without facing certain obstacles. Challenge your abilities in a competitive environment by participating in procom 2020 to gain a substantial experience. Apart from learning from the experience, you'll also be able to avail certain facilities by participating in the event. As a participant you'll be able to enjoy the benefits enlisted below: - free transportation on a variety of fixed routes. - complementary lunch on both days - free of cost knowledgeable and engaging seminars  - beneficial job fair - arranged job interviewes to give you a boost in your career - startup fest where the participants will depict their unique and creative ideas regarding startups - Hackathon where you'll be able to exhibit your problem solving skills  - delightful food stalls to engage your hunger - a pleasant social event - a certificate to acknowledge your participation in our event Don't wait any longer because the clock is constantly ticking. Register now and avail these astounding benefits along with your participation.
 #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC
We warmly welcome our students back to FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Spring 2020. We hope you all had a pleasant and cozy winters and are as excited as we are about the new semester.

Do you often feel powerless, stuck in the choas, struggling to make a perfect living for yourself? Do you often look around you and see yourself adhering toward...s the same choatic norms of society that you had a decade ago?  Are you looking for a way to bring a positive change in this world?  So what are you waiting for?!?!? Grab your cameras and get ready to make a change! 🙌 You can register for the competition through the link below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfOe7cBXgSUosp7d…/viewform…
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. Behind any successful event, there comes the series of workflows and effo...rts of intelligent minds that put ideas into plan. Despite of amplified complexities and increased competitions every year, Procom aspires to pursue versatility with these intricacies and remained the foremost event of all times. From speed rivalries to the recruitment opportunities and exposure with the leading firms in tech markets, PROCOM upholds the absolute pride to showcase its redundant accomplishment towards its goal. Yet with another year, comes another flagship event of NUCES, PROCOM’20. President and management team are delighted to inform that PROCOM turns 22 this year. This year, PROCOM promises to come up with more and trendy latitudes, to let everyone embrace themselves with its novel exposure.
Even after having created wonders in the fields of Science and Technology, our society has failed miserably in making minorities and women feel protected and co...mfortable. We are no less than a tormentor ourselves if we make no endeavour on our part to change this thought process.  With this very intellect, FAST Care intends to bring light to this serious matter and play its role. Thus, proudly presenting to you all the topic for #CareForAll2019-20 that is Social Welfare. So, be a part of this inevitable discussion to get others' perspective and share yours.  Besides all the seriousness, there is an arrangement for entertainment too to get the mood light. You guessed it right, a concert by FMS!  Don't miss it guys because as per norm, the concert will be rocking as ever. Join us this #CareForAll2019-20 and have an experience of a lifetime because we all need learning and we all need change. If not for ourselves come for others because caring for others is the essence of mankind! Register through the link below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd1pVOw7jo7pBGYV…/viewform…
https://facebook.com/events/s/careforall2019-20/1263224533871392/?ti=as


Lumber 1 CS university :)


One of the prime reasons for SOFTEC's continued success over the years is the excellent guidance and motivation it gets from its faculty advisor Dr. Haroon Mahm...ood.  Dr. Haroon Mahmood is an Assistant Professor in FAST- NUCES, Lahore. He completed his PhD in the field of energy-efficient multi-core systems-on-chip from Politecnico di Torino, Italy with his research work on memory/cache architectures for joint energy and aging optimization. #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. Behind any successful event, there comes the series of workflows and effo...rts of intelligent minds that put ideas into plan. Despite of amplified complexities and increased competitions every year, Procom aspires to pursue versatility with these intricacies and remained the foremost event of all times. From speed rivalries to the recruitment opportunities and exposure with the leading firms in tech markets, PROCOM upholds the absolute pride to showcase its redundant accomplishment towards its goal. Yet with another year, comes another flagship event of NUCES, PROCOM’20. President and management team are delighted to inform that PROCOM turns 22 this year. This year, PROCOM promises to come up with more and trendy latitudes, to let everyone embrace themselves with its novel exposure.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. Behind any successful event, there comes the series of workflows and effo...rts of intelligent minds that put ideas into plan. Despite of amplified complexities and increased competitions every year, Procom aspires to pursue versatility with these intricacies and remained the foremost event of all times. From speed rivalries to the recruitment opportunities and exposure with the leading firms in tech markets, PROCOM upholds the absolute pride to showcase its redundant accomplishment towards its goal. Yet with another year, comes another flagship event of NUCES, PROCOM’20. President and management team are delighted to inform that PROCOM turns 22 this year. This year, PROCOM promises to come up with more and trendy latitudes, to let everyone embrace themselves with its novel exposure.
It takes more than a will of iron to escape. It takes a plan. The team sent by NUCES KHI ACM, consisting of Ramsha Nadeem, Shamsa Shakir and Mahad Sheikh went a...bove and beyond to prove themselves the ultimate escape artists in the Escape Room competition at Codeplay 4.0.
It takes more than a will of iron to escape. It takes a plan. The team sent by NUCES KHI ACM, consisting of Ramsha Nadeem, Shamsa Shakir and Mahad Sheikh went a...bove and beyond to prove themselves the ultimate escape artists in the Escape Room competition at Codeplay 4.0.
The Literary Club is proud to unveil the 6th volume of Local Host, FAST’s official newsletter. This issue is meticulously curated to bring you our exclusive tak...e on all events that the campus is abuzz with, such as sports competitions, society events or seminars. It is sure to become your go to for the latest campus news and happenings. 
BS-CS BATCH OF 2019 2ND SEMESTER
BS-CS BATCH OF 2019 2ND SEMESTER Lahore Campus
 We provide best quality Antique Finishes on your Metal items of Brass, Iron, Zinc, Pewter & Stainless ...Steel. For assistance and details feel free to call us at +92 333 2101679 +92 331 3632119
BS-CS BATCH OF 2019 2ND SEMESTER
With each clock tick, we are getting closer to witness one of the renowned events of FAST, namely PROCOM. To ensure that none of our audience miss out on import...ant updates and latest happenings regarding the illustrious event, we provide you with yet another platform to keep you updated.
This metallurgical monday, we have brought to your screens another exclusive and heartfelt words by M. Basit Ansari.  ———————— "They plan and ALLAH plans. Surel...y, ALLAH is the best of planners." (8:30) To all young aspirants doubtful about their futures believe me if you keep hold to what Allah has said than there will be doors for you which will open sooner or later. What you need to do is to grab those oppurtunities, work hard and be passionate about whatever you do.  Honestly speaking i opted metallurgy just like most of you people did but what i aimed at the start is to work hard and explore the field. This field is vast, no worries if you don't like melting or casting, i didn't like it either (no offence to hardcore metal fans) that is why i left my job at People steel mill within 4 months. I still remember that time when people poked me & taunted me of my decision but if you want to achieve something great you have to dream and  you have to go out of the way with your strong inner belief and that is what i did. For 2 and a half years I worked in bits and pieces gave tutions,worked as a researcher and finally made it to where i dreamt of coming.  The key was that i remaind focus on what i wanted to achieve.  At the end what i will say is that world is changing, climate change is a big issue and materials that are advanced and sustainable are in demands. Metallurgy & materials are no different so do not limit yourself to metals only. focus on what you people are doing, focus on studies with keeping a balance of your life and the oppurtunities will be there for you in future. Insha ALLAH MUHAMMAD BASIT ANSARI GOLD MEDALIST B.E METALLURGICAL NEDUET COMMONWEALTH SCHOLAR UNIVERSITY OF BRISTOL, UNITED KINGDOM
Our well-structured programs at the Civil Engineering Department equips students with engineering skills to design, create and improve. 
Computer Vision has become an integral part of our daily life routine. We might not sense it but in reality, it's computer vision all along. Excited to see how this works?? Then join us and follow the event for more details.
The simplest of bugs usually tend to take the very best programmers to their limits. There is nothing more annoying than a bug in one's code and even finding th...ose bugs is an art. So this is a call to the "Debugging Community" to rise up and flaunt their skills in Geek Week '20's Catch a Bug Competition! Follow the event for registration details!!!
No tech event would be complete without mentioning our strong women who have struggled against the chains of tradition to make a name for themselves in the ever...-evolving world of science and tech! These women are an inspiration for all Pakistani women to pursue careers in tech. To find out who our mystery guest speakers are and what they'll be talking about, follow our event!
Lots of young and talented people with innovative ideas experience the feeling that their dreams cannot be realised because they don't have any idea about how t...o pursue them. Usually those ideas are about businesses and that's where Entrepreneurship comes in handy as a skill. No one is born an entrepreneur so you don't have to worry if you don't know anything about it because we're going to tell you and help you find a viable outlet for your passion! So come on and join us at Geek Week 2020 to see your ideas realised!
What's up tech geeks?  Are you all looking forward to hear more from Team SOFTEC. Then, follow us on our social media platforms to check out on latest updates a...nd information regarding #SOFTEC2020. Following is the list of all our channels. So, subscribe to our platforms right now to not miss any details regarding SOFTEC'20. Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAIzbifNMbMKkMJn5bqQ8aA #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC2020
Nervous breakdowns, panic attacks, crippling anxiety. All these before an important interview. Sounds like you? If yes, then consider yourself saved! We, at NUC...ES ACM, know interviews are a nerve-racking thing and therefore, we're organizing a highly informative Technical Interviews Seminar just for you on Geek Week 2020! We'll tell you about the registration details soon enough so you better follow us if you want to ace that job interview!
 PROCOM, being the colossal event of all times, now empower representatives... to have limitless opportunities not just to embrace themselves, but to help us extending horizons of the event. Registrations for brand ambassador of PROCOM'20 are still live and will last till Sunday 12th Jan, 2020. Do not miss shot for most perplexing event of the year. 

Aesthetics are the talk of the town. You can have a mediocre app with a slick and stylish interface and that'll be enough for most people out there to buy-in. S...ince Graphic Design is such a delicate field, it's not easy to please everyone. But, then again, that's what we're here for!  We're organizing an exclusive top-tier Graphic Designing Workshop at Geek Week 2020 and we want you to be there with us from January 31st to February 2nd at FAST NUCES Lahore! Follow us for further registration details!
Calling yourself a good programmer without knowing how to use GitHub is like eating pizza without the cheese! It's incomplete. Whether it be surviving tortuous ...group projects or deploying your own app for beta testing by developers, sharing your code with the world or harvesting cool codes written by others, you can't do it without GitHub. Learning how to use it is a necessary skill and that's why we're super enthusiastic to teach you that since we care :) So, mark yourself as Going to Geek Week 2020 and start following us for further registration details!
Attention everyone! You might need to sharpen your Chess tactics and strategy and work on your positions because Geek Week is coming back with the biggest Chess... tournament in Lahore.  So, do you think you have what it takes to checkmate every opponent in the tournament? Do you think you can En passant your way to victory? Or do you think you are a Pakistani Bobby Fischer? If yes, then come to Geek Week '20 and prove it! Keep following Geek Week for more details!
Team SOFTEC would like to congratulate Faster Byte and Leets for being the winner and runner up, respectively, at the Web Development Competition in SOFTEC'19. ...The two teams displayed amazing problem-solving skills and ingenuity to develop a website which secured their winning position. #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #WebDev

#oneness_muslims
Important Announcement! Registration dates of the Spring 2020 Semester for students have been announced. All students are advised to follow registration and fee payment deadlines strictly.
 We provide best quality Antique Finishes on your Metal items of Brass, Iron, Zinc, Pewter & ...Stainless Steel. For assistance and details feel free to call us at +92 333 2101679 +92 331 3632119

 We offer one of the most... diverse experiences, that you can think of. From the canvas of an artist to the soft clutter of the keyboard buttons to the mesmerising social events, from concert to, but not limited to, theme dinners.  Apply right now for a chance to get an experience that you would never forget. Registration Link: https://acmgiki.com/ambassador.php
Geek Week 2020 is coming back and bringing with it so many items that'll take your knowledge to a whole new level. With that aim in mind, we are proud to announ...ce "Cloud Computing Workshop" - GeekWeek 2020 edition! Cloud Computing is basically using a network of remote servers hosted on Internet to store, manage and process data. The two primary advantages of this practice over local server or PC is accessibility and cost savings. We can access data from any part of the world and we don't actually have to accquire and maintain the servers NUCES ACM is giving you the opportunity to learn more about cloud computing, by organizing a workshop session in an all important Geek Week '20, so mark your dates because this is a session, you don't want to miss!!!
 If you've ever aspired to be a renowned Brand Ambassador, PROCOM is the platform f...or you as here, you'll be competing with other Brand Ambassadors for the title of "Best Ambassador" and winning that title pays off all your zealous hard work.
To make any event successful requires a qualified team, a team which works with passion and with dedication to make the ends meet.  Procom, the most gigantic ev...ent of FAST NUCES, now entitles representatives to enroll themselves for brand ambassador.  The ambassadors will serve as the backbone of the event whilst gathering audience of their respective rampant establishments. 
To make any event successful requires a qualified team, a team which works with passion and with dedication to make the ends meet.  Procom, the most gigantic ev...ent of FAST NUCES, now entitles representatives to enroll themselves for brand ambassador.  The ambassadors will serve as the backbone of the event whilst gathering audience of their respective rampant establishments. 

To make any event successful requires a qualified team, a team which works with passion and with dedication to make the ends meet.  Procom, the most gigantic ev...ent of FAST NUCES, now entitles representatives to enroll themselves for brand ambassador.  The ambassadors will serve as the backbone of the event whilst gathering audience of their respective rampant establishments. 
Registration link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScbXAhrwxS_xaN7tz…/viewform Cyber Security is one of the most sought after fields of I.T in today's world. With the growing increase in the importance of online data and its integrity, cyber security is a necessity today. Team SOFTEC is arranging a seminar on Cyber Security on 6th January, 2020. This seminar will give an insight on the basics of cyber security from its purpose to its measures and their execution. So, if malwares and counter measures interest you then this seminar is for you. Moreover, it will help you guys get a chance to work on an industry FYP. Don't forget to join it! #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
 We provide quality Antique Finishes on Metal Items of Iron, Brass, Pewter, Zinc & Stainless Steel.
Registration Form Link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScbXAhrwxS_xaN7tz…/viewform In the era where aesthetics are one of the most important aspects of a succ...essful product, the skill of Graphic Designing is highly in demand. This is why team SOFTEC is organising a workshop for Graphic Designing on the 7th and 8th of January. By attending the workshop, you'll get to learn the basics of graphic design, use of Photoshop/ Illustrator, the invaluable skill of freelancing and much more. So, get ready for this opportunity of learning with us! #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
Registration Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScbXAhrwxS_xaN7tz…/viewform Attention everyone!SOFTEC has planned something exciting for all of those who ar...e passionate about technology and plan on learning new skills that would help them in their career. We are arranging workshops on Graphic Designing and a seminar on Cyber Security where highly skilled people from the industry will come and help you get to know more about these trending I.T fields. This is open for everyone so outsiders are allowed! #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
Study in UK at University of Lincoln.  ◇ Top Ranked- Gold rated University  ◇ FEB 2020 INTAKE.  ◇Course start date 14thFeb 2020.   ☆ Applications still open for... Feb 2020. ○ Contact now for quick processing of application.  ■ IELTS 6.0 with no less than 5.5 required. >> Ultimate Solutions:  0346-8660666
 PROCOM'20 has gone live on all social media platforms and we are waiting for you guys to give a follow, give a like an...d make a difference. 


 or you can grab them online from www.eticketing.pk/osaf

Whether you are a crazy shopaholic, a noteworthy foodie, or die-hard traveller, utilising any ‘Buy one get one Free Offer’ is must-avail. With that said, we bel...ieve there is no one better to choose than the ultimate lifestyle book/app that one can never get enough of.
Want more than just the Annual Tour on the new year? Well, Worthy Walk has got it handled for you! With just few hours left before the DECS Annual Tour'20 offic...ially kicks off, Worthy Walk is giving you another amazing chance to win the airdots without any extra efforts! Just install our app and track your steps to top the leader board as you wander through the beauty of Pakistan!
Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1k9k3P7f_JrJYK-eDLhDftVSJboQ…/edit Buckle up, people! The ambassador drive for SOFTEC'20 is on, so fill the form and join us to ...be a part of the biggest I.T extravaganza of Pakistan! You don't want to miss this opportunity! #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
Study in #UK. without IELTS, May2020 intake. Range of courses available at Masters Level. #Business, #Engineering, #Computing/IT, #Law, #English, #IR, #Biomedic...al Science, #Health Care management. For more details Ultimate Solutions : ■Faisalabad Head Office: Office No 4,6 Ground Floor, Hassan Shopping Plaza, D-ground Faisalabad 📞 041-8729330 ■Lahore Branch Office: Office No 24 UG, Center Point Plaza, Main Boulevard Gulberg III, Lahore 📞 042-35752150 ■Call 📞 0346-8660666
 Inspite of the complexities at grounds it face, PROCOM never misca...rries to fascinate the audience with its absolute competitive approaches even in the midst of sturdy tech contenders all around. PROCOM’s objective is to provide an optimum platform to its people to outstrip their skillsets to hold themselves an opportunity to evolve, which it has been doing quite long.
PROCOM aspires to bring about the change we all want to witness. It is the experience that matters most, and that is what the team at PROCOM aims to provide, an all round experience that is remembered well by each participant.
 PROCOM has stood the test of time and truly developed a reputation th...at it further increases the bar it sets in the previous iteration.
PROCOM aspires to bring about the change we all want to witness. It is the experience that matters most, and that is what the team at PROCOM aims to provide, an all round experience that is remembered well by each participant.
 There are things that change and then there is PROCOM that brings the change #LegacyRedefined #Procom2020
ARE YOU INTERESTED IN DEEP LEARNING AND ARTIFICIAL NEURAL NETWORKS? Deep Learning is getting lots of attention lately and is a key behind latest technological a...dvancements such as automated cars or smart home devices. Meet our second speaker, Bahram Baloch who is a Machine Learning and Computer Vision Engineer at FidelAI. He will be leading the workshop on “Introduction to Deep Learning”  Event dates:  10th,11th and 12th January  Event registration link: https://forms.gle/ZFiCUhnJevEyznp67 https://1drv.ms/b/s!AmXwkGYW4bndhTr8hEVEioOcrdz8?e=6FPhqM

 There are things that change and then there is PROCOM that brings the change #LegacyRedefined #Procom2020
 PROCOM has stood the test of time and truly developed a reputation th...at it further increases the bar it sets in the previous iteration.



GOOD NEWS FOR THE STUDENTS OF FAST UNIVERSITY 🤩  Event dates:... 10th,11th, and 12th January  https://forms.gle/ZFiCUhnJevEyznp67
 Contact us for best quality Antique Finishing on your Metal items of Iron, Bras...s, Pewter, Zinc & Stainless Steel.
GOOD NEWS FOR THE STUDENTS OF FAST UNIVERSITY 🤩  Event dates:... 10th,11th, and 12th January  https://forms.gle/ZFiCUhnJevEyznp67
Study in #UK. without IELTS, May2020 intake. Range of courses available at Masters Level. #Business, #Engineering, #Computing/IT, #Law, #English, #IR, #Biomedic...al Science, #Health Care management. For more details Ultimate Solutions : ■Faisalabad Head Office: Office No 4,6 Ground Floor, Hassan Shopping Plaza, D-ground Faisalabad 📞 041-8729330 ■Lahore Branch Office: Office No 24 UG, Center Point Plaza, Main Boulevard Gulberg III, Lahore 📞 042-35752150 ■Call 📞 0346-8660666
DECS brings to you another stupendous destination in its Annual Tour. This spot will solely give you a breathtaking glimpse of the sculptures in Pakistan. We ar...e pleased to present to you, the artistic fort in Hunza; the BALTIT FORT.
With the stress of the current semester finally cooling off, NUCES-KHI-ACM brings a great news for you all. We are collaborating with Code.Play, organized by Br...ain Hack, held at Habib University on 10-12 January 2020, which is guaranteed to stimulate your brain and take you for a combative ride. Register Here: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSddZ61As6BCYruYJz…/viewform
 Event dates:  Event registration link: https://forms.gle/ZFiCUhnJevEyznp67 *limited spots available for upto 100% scholarship, hurry up!!
With the stress of the current semester finally cooling off, NUCES-KHI-ACM brings a great news for you all. We are collaborating with Code.Play, organized by Br...ain Hack, held at Habib University on 10-12 January 2020, which is guaranteed to stimulate your brain and take you for a combative ride. Register Here: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSddZ61As6BCYruYJz…/viewform
 Event dates:  Event registration link: https://forms.gle/ZFiCUhnJevEyznp67 *limited spots available for upto 100% scholarship, hurry up!!
Team SOFTEC would like to congratulate team Hex Clanners for winning and team Pikachu for being the runners up of the highly competitive and lucrative App Dev c...ompetition at SOFTEC'19. Both the teams brought great talent and sportsmanship to the competition and SOFTEC is privileged to have hosted them. Team SOFTEC looks forward to hosting such amazing talent again in SOFTEC'20. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
how many of you want to visit malam jabba this winters ?

 Subjects: #IT #Electrical_Engineering
"ARE YOU EXCITED? The sensational Abrar ul Haq is coming to FAST NUCES Lahore for Alumni Homecoming 2020. This time it is going to better than ever. Can't wait....  Save the date: 4th January 2020. Buy your tickets NOWWW!!!" www.eticketing.pk/osaf
 Box of 1000 pcs approx
 #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
 Subjects: #IT #Electrical_Engineering



Attention! Would you like to be an ambassador for the biggest IT Extravanganza of Pakistan? Well, now is your chance to be a part of Team SOFTEC. The Ambassador... drive is open now so don’t miss out on this opportunity of a lifetime! Fill the attached form right now to avail these perks!  Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1k9k3P7f_JrJYK-eDLhDftVSJboQ…/edit #SOFTEC #Ambassadors #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC2020

Tired of the semester? Can't wait for a break? Just hold on for a little longer as DECS is all prepared for the Annual Tour'20. We are here with some new spots ...where you can closely witness the beauty of Pakistan!  We start off with Swat, and its nearby spectacular points which includes the Kalam valley, the mesmerizing Malam Jabba, the cloudy Ushu forest and Fizza Ghat; a perfect point to view sunsets. Time is short, but you can still get yourself registered! http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
The WordPress community is organizing a one-day event on Sunday 1st December 2019 at FAST-NUCES Lahore. The participation fee is Rs.1000/- It is discounted for ...FAST students to Rs. 500/- which includes breakfast, lunch, dinner, a T-shirt, and a key-chain. If anyone is interested to avail this discount, please apply online today.
Still unsure about joining the Annual Tour? Well, the deadline is near.  With just 10 days left, DECS would like to remind you all to register for the Annual To...ur as soon as possible. Last date for the registration and fee submission is 10th December. So hasten up the packing, as your seats won't be available until and unless you register yourself with the required payment! To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20


Every semester ends with deadlines looming over our heads. To balance it out, DECS has an exciting plan to look forward to, The Annual Tour 2020. Outdoing itsel...f once again, like every year, Team DECS is proud to unveil the following mesmerising additions to our destinations' list: One thing is guaranteed; DECS is ready to astonish us like never before. To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20

 You are requested to fill out the form attached below before your interview session:
The WebMasters has arranged a workshop to assign you a project for HTML and CSS that you will complete in your semster break in order to become a part of our development teams...  #designdevelopdeploy
 Mr. Haider Azeem - A Microsoft Certified Trainer is going to teach you how to create Landing Pages and Full ...Websites using Wordpress Tomorrow... (Free of cost)..  
With fresh start, comes our very own, beloved DECs with the best event of the year, "The Annual Tour". Join DECs for the Annual Tour 2020 and mark an incredible beginning of your semester! #AnnualTour20 #DECS Designer : Minimal Graphics
This Thursday, we've decided to throwback to SOFTEC'14 conferences when Mr. Asad Umer was invited as a guest speaker to lead an IT  conference whose main theme ...was People, Purpose, and Passion. As a guest speaker, he said that education is the right of every person. He also emphasized that we must follow our dreams in order to make our future better and brighter. For more valuable and precious advises from successful people and also to be a part of Pakistan's largest IT Extravaganza, be a part of SOFTEC'20 #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
 We produce best quality antique finishes on metal items of Brass, Iron, Zinc, Pewter & Stainless Ste...el. Items on metal finishing being processed Sliders, Buttons, Safety Pins, Chairnails, Nails, Screws, Nut & Bolts, Buckles, Chains, Dog Hooks, Dori Cones, Labels, Household Showpieces, etc.


The WebMasters has arranged a workshop to assign you a project for HTML and CSS that you will complete in your semster break in order to become a part of our development teams...  #designdevelopdeploy
 This time around, DECS is giving you a chance to explore the unique and c...aptivating culture of Pakistan, as we bring to you the Annual Tour 2020! We will start off our journey from the awestriking Rakapushi viewpoint to the mesmerizing valley of Hunza. You'll also witness the beauty of Attabaad Lake, Gilgit and finally end our exciting journey on Nanga Parbat viewpoint.
DECS brings a chance for everyone to create a reel of memories which will engrave in their minds; an adventure of unforgettable places. The second set of travel... series will start from the Valley of Swat to the Ushu forest, passing by the pristine Mohodand Lake, Malam Jabba and ending on the mesmerizing greenery of Nathia Gali; one of the most anticipated sites in Pakistan.  Join us as we embark on making memories and moments to cherish! Don't forget to be a part of it.
 To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
 DECS promises to entertain all the batches and to give some lasting memori...es to the seniors; guaranteeing to make you all visit heavenly and ravishing northern areas of Pakistan. Here's a complete viable detailed package for you all. Our facilities and services will surely leave no doubt to regret! To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
Principal Software Engineers provide technical guidance to development teams on projects. They are highly experienced experts of their field who guide their tea...ms through specific projects successfully. SOFTEC provides a platform for its members to gain the experience and knowledge in this regard and assure a better future for them in the field of Information Technology. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
 DECS promises to entertain all the batches and to give some lasting memori...es to the seniors; guaranteeing to make you all visit heavenly and ravishing northern areas of Pakistan. Here's a complete viable detailed package for you all. Our facilities and services will surely leave no doubt to regret! To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I may learn." And this is precisely why The WebMasters has arranged a project for HTML and CSS after the highly successful workshop.  Be punctual... #designdevelopdeploy
This Ambassador attended PLC’18 conducted by ASM in GIKI and she was surprised to see how well managed the event was. You all are requested to attend the event ...this year as we will make it twice as better as it was last year! Registration Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1B8xLVovS83wI7k24AQ0i2uD72RW0pJM9… For more details, you can check our liaison package: https://drive.google.com/…/1Ddvr00eHDKI-pxm2ln6eUgMdn…/view… #BiggerandBetter #BetterandClassier #BreakingStereotypes #plc #secondedition #hiking #paintball #themedinner #speakersessions #concert #struggleandstrive #previousambassado #ASM #GIKI
 Venue : EE Auditorium Date: 28th Of November Timings: 11 AM- 12 PM
Four contenders entered the coding arena, but after an epic showdown of programming finesse, only the sharpest minds have prevailed.
Four contenders entered the coding arena, but after an epic showdown of programming finesse, only the sharpest minds have prevailed.
The powerhouses. The trump cards. The show stealers. The people shining bright amidst the galaxy of stars. A combination of wit, hardwork and determination, bri...nging it all together as one - earning the title of being the team to solve the most problems in this war of code. 
Four contenders entered the coding arena, but after an epic showdown of programming finesse, only the sharpest minds have prevailed.
The powerhouses. The trump cards. The show stealers. The people shining bright amidst the galaxy of stars. A combination of wit, hardwork and determination, bri...nging it all together as one - earning the title of being the team to solve the most problems in this war of code. 
To bridge the gender gap when it comes to women in tech, NUCES KHI ACM has come forth with another way to praise their accomplishments and achievements in the r...espective field of computer science.
To bridge the gender gap when it comes to women in tech, NUCES KHI ACM has come forth with another way to praise their accomplishments and achievements in the r...espective field of computer science.
"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I may learn." And this is precisely why The WebMasters has arranged a project for HTML and CSS after the highly successful workshop.  Be punctual... #designdevelopdeploy


IEEE NUCES CFD is here with an opportunity for you to enlighten your skills with a  -> workshop on Robotics and Arduino. -> workshop on Raspberry Pi. Speed Wiring an event in which circuit diagram will be provided to the participants, and they will have to implement it on the breadboard. The team who implements the circuit correctly in the shortest time period will be declared winner. Register yourself at:  https://tinyurl.com/SmartFast-19

The timer is ticking and the count increasing. 235 enthusiastic trainees have currently joined the WebMasters. So hurry up learners, complete your assigned proj...ects (will be assigned to you soon) and get the opportunity to be promoted to our front end, back end, and mobile app development teams! #designdevelopdeploy
The timer is ticking and the count increasing. 235 enthusiastic trainees have currently joined the WebMasters. So hurry up learners, complete your assigned proj...ects (will be assigned to you soon) and get the opportunity to be promoted to our front end, back end, and mobile app development teams! #designdevelopdeploy
 IEEE FAST NUCES CFD Student Branch is here with the biggest Technology Festival in Fasisalabad, which is SmartFast'19. ~Workshops includes: 1. Raspberry Pi 2. Aurdino and Robotics 3. Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs) ~Talks inculdes: 1. Applications and Impliciations of AI 2. Industry 4.0 and IoT 3. Motivational Talk For registration: https://tinyurl.com/SmartFast-19
 IEEE FAST NUCES CFD Student Branch is here with the biggest Technology Festival in Faisalabad, which is SmartFast'19. The ambassador call for SmartFast'19 is open now. For ambassador registration: https://tinyurl.com/SmartFast-Ambassador

 To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
 To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
 #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #towertech
CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy
CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy

 This time around, DECS is giving you a chance to explore the unique and c...aptivating culture of Pakistan, as we bring to you the Annual Tour 2020! We will start off our journey from the awestriking Rakapushi viewpoint to the mesmerizing valley of Hunza. You'll also witness the beauty of Attabaad Lake, Gilgit and finally end our exciting journey on Nanga Parbat viewpoint.
 #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #LiveSession #AmbassadorDrive #Volunteers
DECS brings a chance for everyone to create a reel of memories which will engrave in their minds; an adventure of unforgettable places. The second set of travel... series will start from the Valley of Swat to the Ushu forest, passing by the pristine Mohodand Lake, Malam Jabba and ending on the mesmerizing greenery of Nathia Gali; one of the most anticipated sites in Pakistan.  Join us as we embark on making memories and moments to cherish! Don't forget to be a part of it.
 The juniors are nearly at the end of the universit...y line but they still have quite some way to go in Coders' Cup 2019, powered by Tehreer. Take a look at their respective teams and schedule.


 #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #LiveSession #AmbassadorDrive #Volunteers
 #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #LiveSession #AmbassadorDrive #Volunteers
CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy
Congratulations to the teams SHA 4 and Null terminators for securing the first and second spot in the programming competition in SOFTEC'19. Team SOFTEC takes pr...ide and honor in recalling your memorable stint in the competition and rejoicing over it. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
If you have missed our registration period then do not worry you may still become a learner at The WebMasters and gain web development skills. We will teach you... and help you in implementing all the main concepts of web development in duration of workshops so join us and become a web developer . Registration Link: https://forms.gle/g9fxemgjw7WoH7pc8
“Photography is the story I fail to put into words." Taking an image, freezing a moment, reveals how rich reality truly is. It is a way of feeling, of touching,... of loving. It gives us the chance to remember little things, long after we have forgotten everything. 


If you have missed our registration period then do not worry you may still become a learner at The WebMasters and gain web development skills. We will teach you... and help you in implementing all the main concepts of web development in duration of workshops so join us and become a web developer . Registration Link: https://forms.gle/g9fxemgjw7WoH7pc8

What else is needed to start this new year with lively and welcoming memories? Team DECS is back with its most exclusive and grand event of all 'THE ANNUAL TOUR...' 2020.  So the wait is over as DECS invites you all to the introductory session of ANNAUL TOUR'20 to disclose the details of their most exhilarating event of the year. Hoping to see you all! Venue: EE Auditorium Timings: 1:00 pm - 2:00pm Date: 19th Nov'19 #tour2020 #adventure #wanderlust #explorePakistan #introductorysession
Hear the car roaring and feel the heat from the asphalt as you bolt to the finish line leaving your opponents far behind.  Seize this chance to show off your sk...ills with gears. Register for the Need for Speed tournament before it is too late!


LEARN GERMAN  WITH AAMIR RAFIQUE LEVEL A1  ON YOUTUBE FREE Level A1& Exam Preparation of Goethe- Zertifikat A1 in Urdu with Prof.Aamir Rafique ( Dipl Oec.Univ Germany/ GDS Germany/ C2+, Assistant Professor German Language.... Face book & Twitter: Learn German with Aamir Rafique YouTube Channel:  Learn German with Aamir Rafique Please like and subscribe our channel
#SabaTrust has donated thousands of wheel chairs among the disabled persons. It has donated 5 containers of wheel chairs (2750 wheel chairs) to Afghanistan. Also donated hundreds of wheelchairs to Rotary Club of Islamabad. #SupportSaba #iamwithSaba #Sabahomes #honoringtheorphans #servinghumanitysince1965
The WebMasters have arranged another workshop for students on HTML and CSS having the same content explained in the workshop 1 so do not miss this opportunity again.... Hope to see you all.... #designdevelopdeploy
 NU-FEST is glad to announce its joint... venture with MENSA - a global company which has introduced IQ QUEST in the long list of competitions at NU-FEST. With MENSA, we bring forth a unique twist; an overwhelming contest of IQ analysis on a very special level. We give you a chance to enhance your analytical skills and invite you to participate in this interesting competition of brain teasers, objective questions and much more.
"Playing a tough shot is better than playing a tough safety."  Those seven striped or solid alien bubbles need to get back to their home planet. It all depends ...on which of the two you pot first. Can you use your cue ball and stick to help either one of them, finishing off with the black 8 bubble?  This game is where your defensive strategy leads you to the final win. Employ the right tactics and become a sure-shot winner. Remember, the center ball can do it all.

Taking a life course perspective is essential for preventing #type2 #diabetes and its complications. Early in life, when eating and physical activity habits are established and when the long-term regulation of energy balance may be programmed, there is an especially critical window to prevent the development of overweight and reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes. #Healthy lifestyles can improve health outcomes at later stages of life as well. #diabetesawareness #healthylifestyle #weightloss #fitness #preventionisbetterthancure
Calling out to all the students enrolled at IBA. NU-FEST 2020 is coming to your campus on 14th-November-2019 at 10:00am - 4:00pm. Mark your calendars and get re...ady to become a part of an incredible event.  From literary and dramatics to e-gaming and sports, you will find it all. Pick your favorite and showcase your flair.  Exceeding Expectations! #HostingChampions #NUFEST2020
 #SOFTEC2020 and engage with Team SOFTEC. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza


 Begin your new year and semester by being a part of the extravaganza. Choose from our wide variety of competitions and be the game changer you're meant to be.
Calling out to all the students enrolled at IBA. NU-FEST 2020 is coming to your campus on 14th-November-2019 at 10:00am - 4:00pm. Mark your calendars and get re...ady to become a part of an incredible event.  From literary and dramatics to e-gaming and sports, you will find it all. Pick your favorite and showcase your flair.  Exceeding Expectations! #HostingChampions #NUFEST2020
The battles have been fought, the lands have been conquered, but the greater combat is yet to be engaged in. Dont rest easy. This marks the arrival of the Fresh...man Round Three of Coder's Cup 2019, powered by Tehreer.
And the wait is finally over! The WebMasters provides you the chance, as promised, to achieve higher. We have arranged a workshop about HTML and CSS. HTML and C...SS are used to design web pages and learning it will benefit you, both in your studies,  and also in your professional life. Be sure to attend the workshop along with your friends. Like a wise man once said, " Be sure to sieze the chance, because good things don't come twice." #DesignDevelopDeploy

Dr. Ch. Shoaib Akhtar is Assistant Professor at Fatima Jinnah Women University, Rawalpindi is also one of the panelists in the panel discussion session at the 1st FAST Busines Research Conference. #FBRC #BusinessResearch #Conference #panelists #FASTNU #FASTNULHR
 #SOFTEC2020 and engage with Team SOFTEC. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
As the paramount platform for diplomatic progress through progression, The Grand Debate has a strong legacy due in no small part to its talented and diligent di...rectors. Here is what one of them has to say about the grandness of their last experience at TGD. Registration link: https://forms.gle/sBRyqjXMgB8giQs3A

The AIMLC (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Club) emphasizes itself on exactly these two areas of study and stands as an epitome of innovation and b...rilliance. It provides students with a platform where they can polish their skills and improve, all the while picking up newer skills too.
Nida girls Hostel  In G-11/2 main Ibne-Sina road    we are providing following facilities : 2 times high quality delicious meal High speed internet (8Mbps) laundry 2 times in a week... luxury Beds & mattress spacious parking for cars & BIKES easily transport access  home like environment Best location for FAST,ISLAMIC INTERNATIONAL, NUST,AIR,BAHRIA ,IQRA,NUML etc students airy rooms with attach bathrooms rent per head vary from room to room as: 2 seater room : 12000/- Rs 3 seater room :  11000/- Rs
We have sent out emails to the shortlisted students for Cloud Study Jam'19 - DSC NUCES. We request you to please check your inbox ASAP and follow the next steps mentioned in the email.  #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs #CloudStudyJam

Buckle up, folks! Team SOFTEC will be joining you guys tomorrow in the Facebook live session to clear out all your dilemmas regarding #SOFTEC2020. Thus, drop yo...ur questions in the comment box and let us know about your queries if any. Join us for a live session tomorrow at 6:30 pm to get more information regarding #SOFTEC2020. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
Brace yourselves as this December, ASM GIK CHAPTER presents the second edition of the Pakistan leadership colloquium (plc’19) in GHULAM ISHAQ KHAN INSTITUTE. It... will be a calculated blend of learning, enjoyment and competition. So don’t miss the chance to be part of this life changing experience and register ASAP! Registration Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1B8xLVovS83wI7k24AQ0i2uD72RW0pJM9… For more details, you can check our liaison package: https://drive.google.com/…/1Ddvr00eHDKI-pxm2ln6eUgMdn…/view…

Buckle up, folks! Team SOFTEC will be joining you guys tomorrow in the Facebook live session to clear out all your dilemmas regarding #SOFTEC2020. Thus, drop yo...ur questions in the comment box and let us know about your queries if any. Join us for a live session tomorrow at 6:30 pm to get more information regarding #SOFTEC2020. #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
 Registration Link:  https://forms.gle/sBRyqjXMgB8giQs3A
 Registration Link:  https://forms.gle/sBRyqjXMgB8giQs3A




 The much awaited moment is finally here. Coders' Cup 2019, powered by Tehreer, officially begin...s, with it's opening ceremony taking place tomorrow!
 The much awaited moment is finally here. Coders' Cup 2019, powered by Tehreer, officially begin...s, with it's opening ceremony taking place tomorrow!
It's ☁️ Study Jam Season! ✨ From containerizing applications to creating virtual machines, Study Jams are tailored to specific Cloud topics and skill levels. Wh...ether you’re a beginner developer or interested in diving into Machine Learning, BigQuery, Certification, or Kubernetes - there's a track for you. So join us as we pull off our first Cloud Study Jam Session 2019. Sign-up now → https://forms.gle/YbRJuf2tVQQEYCPL9 Date: Thursday, November 14th, 2019 Venue: LLC Lab (CS Building) Timings: 11:00AM - 12:00 PM #dscnuces #developerstudentclus #googlecloud #qwiklabs #googledevelopers #CloudStudyJam
 Be prepared as DECS is just around the corner with another surprise for all the batche...s! A present to wash away the stresses in their tiring yet, diligent journey. Memories are yet to make and DECS as always, endeavors to present a special moment for all. Buckle up as The Annual Tour comes your way! #tour2020 #adventure #wanderlust #explorepakistan #comingsoon
 The much awaited moment is finally here. Coders' Cup 2019, powered by Tehreer, officially begin...s, with it's opening ceremony taking place tomorrow!
 Package Includes: ✔ AC Transport from Karachi to Wahi Pandi ✔ 4 x 4 Jeep ride from Wahi Pandi to Gorakh Hills ✔ Accommodation at Gorakh 4 members share / Camp. ✔ Camping at Hill site ✔ Breakfast (2 times) [Omlete,Paratha & Tea] ✔ Lunch (2 times) [Biryani & Coldrink] ✔ Dinner (1 time) [Chicken Karhai & Tea] ✔ Trekking from G-resort to Hill top (30 Min) ✔ Camp site charges and fees ✔ Photography ✔ Bonfire arrangements at camp site ✔ All kinds of tolls and taxes ✔ Generator Facilities ✔ Proper Washrooms ✔ Quilts for sleeping Recommended items to bring by the participants: 1- Torch Light 2- Shoes for trekking 3- Any games that you want to bring 4- bedsheet  5- sun block Vist our office: A-1581 phase 1 above tcs gulshan e hadeed bin qasim town karachi.  ITINERARY: Terms and Conditions:  • Original CNIC is a must for every member to carry all time during the trip. • Gathering time at the Departure point is 11:30pm. • Only 7 KGs of weight is allowed. Every member is responsible and have to carry its own luggage. • Infinity Sky Travel needs to be informed beforehand of participants below 10 years and above 50 years of age. Participants requiring any special medical assistance shall also notify the management beforehand. •infinity sky travel has the right to call off the event if the registration is lower than 12 in this trip. • Member must have to behave ethically with all the group members..  • Infinity Sky Travel is not responsible for personal injuries and accidents. • Infinity Sky travel is not responsible for loss of any kind of valuable item. • No refunds shall be made in case of a natural disaster or any unforeseen circumstance beyond human control including but not limited to rains, storms, land sliding, accident, flat tyres, engine failure or other vehicle mal-function etc. • In case of natural events such as rain or blockage of a particular route, Infinty sky travel holds the right to alter the route or itinerary for the safety of participants.  • Personal weapons and intoxicants (drugs) are strictly not allowed. • I understand to abide by the rules & regulation & by-laws of Infinity sky travel, to be enforce from time to time. • I understand that the adventure/outdoor activities carry a potential risk of personal injury. I further undertake that neither I nor my heirs or legal representatives shall raise any compensation against Infinity Sky travel. Refund/Cancellation Policy: - 50% refund of paid amount if cancellation at least 7 days before the event  - 30% refund of paid amount if cancellation is between 3-7 days before the event  - 0% refund pf paid amount if cancellation is 72 hours (3 days) or less than 72 hours (3 days) before the event. Note:  * Cellphone service signals available at gorakh (ufone & jazz) * The trip is not suitable for people who are not traveling enthusiasts. The participants would have to adjust to the situations of the trip accordingly as this is an adventure camping trip to a remote location in Sindh.
The game that has been the de facto benchmark of a player's shooting skills is here. It has redefined classic gameplay for all gamers out there. Get those grena...des and rifles out as you prepare for the mightiest in the world of E-Gaming: CS GO. Employ strategy, coupled with resources, to knock down your rivals as you thrive and survive the battle royale.




 All those enthusiastic candidates who find them capable for the position of ACD can apply now. It will not only serve as a great experience for you in the world of debating but will also be a chance to showcase your talents. Registrations are now live!! You may apply through the following link: https://forms.gle/GhztBSQw2DGP5apZ6





Crowds filled with laughter, giggling till your bones shake. Smiling till your face can't take it anymore. It isn't a drug nor a joke, nor some anesthetic to ma...ke you feel happy. Its an event that will make your day a happy and boisterous one. Stay hopeful for this wonderful event will give you even more wonderful updates making your wait all the more worth while as your imaginations run wild.  All the while asking just what is coming soon??!!!
LEARN GERMAN  WITH AAMIR RAFIQUE LEVEL A1  ON YOUTUBE FREE Level A1& Exam Preparation of Goethe- Zertifikat A1 in Urdu with Prof.Aamir Rafique ( Dipl Oec.Univ Germany/ GDS Germany/ C2+, Assistant Professor German Language.... Face book & Twitter: Learn German with Aamir Rafique YouTube Channel:  Learn German with Aamir Rafique Please like and subscribe our channel
 Halt your scroll and take two minutes to fill out this form by Tehreer.  https://forms.gle/KE3ANt3Fykk5zzKQ9
 Halt your scroll and take two minutes to fill out this form by Tehreer.  https://forms.gle/KE3ANt3Fykk5zzKQ9
 Halt your scroll and take two minutes to fill out this form by Tehreer.  https://forms.gle/KE3ANt3Fykk5zzKQ9

Gaming, in today's world, is a form of art and must be handled with a certain degree of delicacy to be done just right. To be a gamer, is to uphold the finest o...f honors. Henceforth, lo and behold! For NU-FEST exclusively brings you the opportunity of a lifetime at our gaming competition! Come forth, showcase your gaming abilities and get a chance to win a whopping prize of 100K! Take part in a game of your choice and battle your way through the ranks. May the force ever be with you.
 Allama Iqbal, an undoubtedly one of the greatest poets, philosopher...s and seers of humanity, whose contributios to the literature and thought of the world will live forever. It was his poetry that beacame the greatest inspiration for the Muslims to recognize themselves and their strength as a nation. The Character Building Society is celebrating Iqbal Day with passionate spirit and paying tribute to the man who raised his voice for the cause of Muslims and cultural reconstruction of the Islamic world. #IqbalDay #CBS #Fast #NUCES
Iqbal is the name of an era, a philosophy, an epitome of guidance and learning. Allama Iqbal being one of the greatest philosophers of the century was a source ...of enlightenment and inspiration for the Muslims of the subcontinent who helped them realize their own potential and capabilities. This Iqbal day, team SOFTEC encourages you all to find your inner abilities, talents, and aptitudes and choose your own direction to the path of success. Happy Iqbal Day folks! #IqbalDay #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
Iqbal is the name of an era, a philosophy, an epitome of guidance and learning. Allama Iqbal being one of the greatest philosophers of the century was a source ...of enlightenment and inspiration for the Muslims of the subcontinent who helped them realize their own potential and capabilities. This Iqbal day, team SOFTEC encourages you all to find your inner abilities, talents, and aptitudes and choose your own direction to the path of success. Happy Iqbal Day folks! #IqbalDay #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
 You c...an be sure that it's going to blow your mind away as we slowly, reveal to you. As the image of the event becomes more vivid, you won't be able to help but be stuck to the edge of your seats, grinding your teeth in anticipation and excitement!!!
 You c...an be sure that it's going to blow your mind away as we slowly, reveal to you. As the image of the event becomes more vivid, you won't be able to help but be stuck to the edge of your seats, grinding your teeth in anticipation and excitement!!!

It's time to show off your skills and strategy in this combat to the top of the thrilling and ever-changing gameplay! Feel the adrenaline pumping through you as you fight against friends and foes in an addictive and intense gameplay.



Fast k springs k admissions kab start ho rhy hainnn ??
Students from Fast NUCES CFD campus can contact me for Registration WhatsApp :- 03107017564 Syed Mahtab Ahmad , Bs( EE )  batch 2k17

Aqsa Kausar, a graduate of NUST School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (SEECS), has beaten the odds https://tribune.com.pk/story/2094303/8





Leadership skill is an important personality trait that helps a person in his professional life. Software Development Directors are not only elite computer scie...ntists, but they have the appropriate leaderships skills that get them the highest pay in the corporate sector. By giving a hands-on experience of what it's like to lead a team, SOFTEC prepares it's members for unparalleled success in the industry! #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
Leadership skill is an important personality trait that helps a person in his professional life. Software Development Directors are not only elite computer scie...ntists, but they have the appropriate leaderships skills that get them the highest pay in the corporate sector. By giving a hands-on experience of what it's like to lead a team, SOFTEC prepares it's members for unparalleled success in the industry! #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
 Stay tuned for more updates! #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
 Stay tuned for more updates! #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
Coders' Cup 2019 is nearly upon us - the speed programming competition of the year.  Take it upon yo...urself to risk it all, to put it all on the line. Not only do you get a chance to acquire the glory that comes with winning this coding battle, you get to test out your logic building skills, learn teamwork and polish your time management skills. And the prize that interests you all - the bonus weightage that is up for grabs! 
NUCES-KHI-ACM is delighted to announce its collaboration with a revolutionary new company which provides educational assistance with the use of its smart, acade...mically tailored AI, Tehreer. Tehreer provides artificial intelligence based virtual assistants for all aspects of education, be it students, their parents or teachers. Their expert team has so far catered to more than 80 campuses and 60 thousand students, providing proper manegerial solutions and applications for all platforms!  That being said, we proudly welcome Tehreer, with open arms, as a Gold sponsor for Coders' Cup 2019, with hopes to achieve great heights in the near future together!
Coders' Cup 2019 is nearly upon us - the speed programming competition of the year.  Take it upon yo...urself to risk it all, to put it all on the line. Not only do you get a chance to acquire the glory that comes with winning this coding battle, you get to test out your logic building skills, learn teamwork and polish your time management skills. And the prize that interests you all - the bonus weightage that is up for grabs! 
NUCES-KHI-ACM is delighted to announce its collaboration with a revolutionary new company which provides educational assistance with the use of its smart, acade...mically tailored AI, Tehreer. Tehreer provides artificial intelligence based virtual assistants for all aspects of education, be it students, their parents or teachers. Their expert team has so far catered to more than 80 campuses and 60 thousand students, providing proper manegerial solutions and applications for all platforms!  That being said, we proudly welcome Tehreer, with open arms, as a Gold sponsor for Coders' Cup 2019, with hopes to achieve great heights in the near future together!
NUCES KHI ACM is delighted to announce its collaboration with one of the leading IT and Media consultancy companies, MNF Soft. The company is known for providin...g efficient, cost-effective and practical solutions since 2013. Be it website designing and development, software development or social media marketing, MNF Soft has got you covered. Their team of experts has made it possible for them to provide 98% satisfaction and 100% accuracy to their clientele. 
 To make it easier than a... piece of cake for you, our expert organizers have introduced a QR code to access the registration form online. Scan the code to participate and find yourself in the middle of the field all buckled up to win the championship.
 Registration link : https://forms.gle/sBRyqjXMgB8giQs3A
NUCES KHI ACM is delighted to announce its collaboration with one of the leading IT and Media consultancy companies, MNF Soft. The company is known for providin...g efficient, cost-effective and practical solutions since 2013. Be it website designing and development, software development or social media marketing, MNF Soft has got you covered. Their team of experts has made it possible for them to provide 98% satisfaction and 100% accuracy to their clientele. 
 Registration link : https://forms.gle/sBRyqjXMgB8giQs3A
 Registration link : https://forms.gle/sBRyqjXMgB8giQs3A
ACM-W, with their goal to empower women in the computer science field, have, in store a prize of its own kind, for the all-girls team who performs the best thro...ughout this war of minds.
 The Grand Debate brings you an opportunity to spill out the lava of your optimism with the skilled and enthusiastic opponents out there. TLC is not only empowering a chance to brace the potential of your voice into a constructive change to bring in the environment, but also to embrace in yourselves too..
 The Coders' Cup 2019 registrations open today! Operating under the ambitio...us banner of the NUCES-KHI-ACM team, Coders' Cup 2019 will not only test your problem solving skills, it will polish you and mentor you while you do so. Apart from the winners, one all women's team will be honoured by ACM-W based on their performance.
 The Grand Debate brings you an opportunity to spill out the lava of your optimism with the skilled and enthusiastic opponents out there. TLC is not only empowering a chance to brace the potential of your voice into a constructive change to bring in the environment, but also to embrace in yourselves too..
 The Coders' Cup 2019 registrations open today! Operating under the ambitio...us banner of the NUCES-KHI-ACM team, Coders' Cup 2019 will not only test your problem solving skills, it will polish you and mentor you while you do so. Apart from the winners, one all women's team will be honoured by ACM-W based on their performance.
Congrats to captains Depak Karira from group Ai-Coders and Abdul Wahab Akram from group Hyper Tensors and their teams for being the champions and runners-up res...pectively in the Data Science Competition of SOFTEC'19.  "It’s not whether you win or lose, it’s how you play the game". Looking forward to see you all next time in #SOFTEC2020 . #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
Congrats to captains Depak Karira from group Ai-Coders and Abdul Wahab Akram from group Hyper Tensors and their teams for being the champions and runners-up res...pectively in the Data Science Competition of SOFTEC'19.  "It’s not whether you win or lose, it’s how you play the game". Looking forward to see you all next time in #SOFTEC2020 . #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
The inductions have ceased. The selections have been made. And the tenure is set to start.
To enlighten your mind with astounding ideas and experience an environment so refreshing that provokes your mind and soul to entrance not only themselves, but o...nlookers as well; The Grand Debate fully serves its purpose to make the day as memorable as possible.  Hurry up debaters for the time is now to voice yourself, make an impact and let the audience reflect your energy. The date is set for 21st, November for this prestigious event. Let the countdown begin!
To enlighten your mind with astounding ideas and experience an environment so refreshing that provokes your mind and soul to entrance not only themselves, but o...nlookers as well; The Grand Debate fully serves its purpose to make the day as memorable as possible.  Hurry up debaters for the time is now to voice yourself, make an impact and let the audience reflect your energy. The date is set for 21st, November for this prestigious event. Let the countdown begin!
 easily transport access  Best location for FAST,ISLAMIC INTERNATIONAL, NUST,AIR,BAHRIA ,IQRA,NUML etc students airy rooms with attach bathrooms
 Above all, Breathe steady as you conquer the battlefield.
Buckle up people! Team SOFTEC is all geared up for the live session to answer all your FAQs and clear your dilemmas regarding #SOFTEC2020. Stay tuned for more updates! Remember to join us for the session. Team SOFTEC awaits you! #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
 TLC would like to appreci...ate these gems as the shining stars of this month, for their hard work and determination. We hope that these people serve as an inspiration for the rest of our members to strive to do even better.
 TLC would like to appreci...ate these gems as the shining stars of this month, for their hard work and determination. We hope that these people serve as an inspiration for the rest of our members to strive to do even better.
We all require a certain degree of guidance in all endeavours of our lives at one point or another. To some, they come as a wise Godfather, to others, a retired cop.
To enlighten your mind with astounding ideas and experience an environment so refreshing that provokes your mind and soul to entrance not only themselves, but o...nlookers as well; The Grand Debate fully serves its purpose to make the day as memorable as possible.  Hurry up debaters for the time is now to voice yourself, make an impact and let the audience reflect your energy. The date is set for 21st, November for this prestigious event. Let the countdown begin!
To enlighten your mind with astounding ideas and experience an environment so refreshing that provokes your mind and soul to entrance not only themselves, but o...nlookers as well; The Grand Debate fully serves its purpose to make the day as memorable as possible.  Hurry up debaters for the time is now to voice yourself, make an impact and let the audience reflect your energy. The date is set for 21st, November for this prestigious event. Let the countdown begin!
The inductions are done and dusted and NUCES KHI ACM is ready to grind its gears to work towards another successful iteration. We received a remarkable turnout ...of individuals wanting to contribute towards achieving the goals and standards set by previous ACM regimes. With a whopping 250+ responses, we are all humbled by the interest and trust shown towards ACM and hope to carry forward with the same zeal as the tenure progresses. Stay tuned for the results!

 For this grand event, Team Grand Debate 2019 is looking fo...r candidates for the post of BRAND AMBASSADOR. Interested candidates for this position can apply by filling in the registration form from the link given below. Candidates having more influential status to bring in more applicants for the debate will be preferred for the post of Brand Ambassador. http://bit.ly/BrandAmbassador_TGD19
Team SOFTEC takes great pride in expressing its gratitude to its prestigious bronze sponsors for SOFTEC'19. It has been an honour and privilege to have hosted t...hem in Software House Enclosure and we are highly thankful for all their support in making SOFTEC'19 consume the level of success credited to it! #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
 These open-source controllers ope...ns a whole new world to create interesting hardware scenarios.



Become a part of the movement of people who truly care for the society by donating blood at FAST Care's biannual Blood Donation Drive on 31st October in Drawing... Hall, Civil Department. If you're unaware of your blood group or want to know something more about your health, then you need not worry! Shaukat Khanum is offering free blood tests for people who donate their blood for the greater good! These tests have been mentioned in the picture below.



Meet our honorable guest speaker tomorrow for the talk on "Your future in AI", Mr. Vikash Khatri, Senior Vice-President AI, Afiniti. #DSCNUCES #Afiniti #DeveloperStudentClubs #ArtificialIntelligence

Inquisitive to know what SOFTEC is, or have any questions? Spare your inquiries since we're having a SOFTEC-related live session coming up soon where SOFTEC tea...m will attempt to give a rest to your queries. Stay tuned for more information and updates on the session! #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza
30th October, 2019 doesn't just only bring us one step closer to Halloween. It also marks the second day of the introduction to speed programming, allowing more... of our respective students to get a hang of the very concept of said programming.
NU-FEST is all set to provide an open platform with the battlefield as an absolute scene of constant chaos. The winner gets to control that chaos, be it his own... or the opponent's. For that, one has to decide whether they want to get knocked down or whether they want to get up every single time.


 That being said, NUCES-KHI-ACM welcomes yet another house present within Coders' Cup 2019; Statesmen. Let us observe how this plays out.
Inquisitive to know what SOFTEC is, or have any questions? Spare your inquiries since we're having a SOFTEC-related live session coming up soon where SOFTEC tea...m will attempt to give a rest to your queries. Stay tuned for more information and updates on the session! #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza





If making money on the stock market was easy, everybody would be a stock broker. But it's only the select few who fall under this category - after all everyone ...cannot be quick witted enough to perfectly deal with the issues that arise at runtime. 
 No worries, we take it upon ourselves as a responsibility to make our presence known on many various forms of social media. Don't for...get to follow us for updates and news.


Youtube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/c…/UCAIzbifNMbMKkMJn5bqQ8aA/featured SOFTEC is expanding its social media presence to Youtube. Visit the SOFTEC Youtube... channel for not only the coverage of the event itself but also extensive coverage of our sponsors, behind the scenes of the event and information about the various competitions and their competitors. Subscribe to SOFTEC's Youtube channel right now and stay updated on all things about SOFTEC! #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC2020
Our sponsors play an integral part in the success of SOFTEC. SOFTEC would not be possible without their support. Team SOFTEC would like to thank its exclusive G...old and Silver sponsors for SOFTEC'19, particularly FAANA, Tower Technologies and Emblem Technologies, which made SOFTEC'19 the IT extravaganza to be at. Team SOFTEC looks forward to working with the amazing sponsors for #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
Exhausted from daily hectic schedules? Don't think, just register; the opportunity is unmissable and the door is wide open.
𝐀𝐈 & 𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐂𝐚𝐫𝐞𝐞𝐫 Learn more about Artificial Intelligence, connect with Vikash Khatri, Senior Vice President AI at Afiniti and a Fast Alumni as he talks about o...pportunities in AI today. #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs #GuruTalk
 Get yourself registered for The Grand Debate as a remarkable oratory experience is just one step away. Registerations open soon!
 Get yourself registered for The Grand Debate as a remarkable oratory experience is just one step away. Registerations open soon!

After two whole hectic days of inductions, NUCES-KHI-ACM has finally concluded their search for a superb team. We highly appreciate you taking time out and giving it a thought. The tenure team list will be announced soon.
"We must speak our minds openly, debate our disagreements honestly, but always pursue solidarity" For good ideas and true innovation, you need human interaction..., conflict, argument, and debate. TLC has given its students the biggest chance this year to explore and speak up the ideas that have been heaped down in their minds and hearts through the biggest event of the year THE INTRA FAST PARLIAMENTARY DEBATE 2019. And after two days of an amazing session of informative debates, today our hearty congratulations go to the winner Team D(Neha, Mustafa, Usama) for the wonderful efforts that they have made towards this two-day journey along with this team TLC would also like to congratulate the runner-up team GulBakaoli(Zeerak, Efshal, Wusutullah) who faced the winner team in the final face of, but could not make it. 
#SabaTrust supports #entrepreneurship  and #alleviate #poverty with #SabaTrustGoatPrpgram. Hundreds of families have steady employment via this program.  Your s...upport can change lives of many other families. #economy #finance #money #SabaHomes #Servinghumanitysince1965 #honringtheorphans #Supportsaba
 In the qualifying rounds many teams embarked... on an oratory journey of zealous debates, vigorous competition and eminent learning. The journey proved to be a gruelling one and only the crème de la crème could transition onto the next stage. However, it would be erroneous to call those who were not successful, the losers. If truth be told, they lost nothing and gained excellent guidance, skills and the confidence to improve their performance for the many more debates to come.  The vibrant competition was held among these teams: The competition ended on a high note as the last round of the day was also declared by our esteemed judges as the ‘Most Heated Round of the Day’. The topic was a precarious one: “Genocide in Kashmir” but both teams managed to keep it spirited and productive. Throughout the competition many ideas, opinions and stances were passionately exchanged and put forward each one worthy to aknowledge and applaud. 
Do you feel the tick, the excitement, the agitation inside of you as time passes by, as we get closer to tomorrow's Intra FAST  Parliamentary Debate?  Are you p...rimed for this convivial event? Let go of any vexation, and be prepared for a propitious debate tomorrow, that will help you learn and polish your skills for ensuing eminent debates. Here are the slots for the teams!!! #spillyourskill

 Volunteering for SOFTEC is a golden opportunity to fabricate in yourself a complete set ...of managerial skills. SOFTEC offers a collection of 30+ diverse departments to choose your favorite one from. Also, the best volunteers among the lot are chosen to be part of Team SOFTEC following year. So, register now using the link above and make your contribution to the biggest I.T Extravaganza of Pakistan.  #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC2020
 Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC
Welcome'19 came out as an amazing, exciting and mind blowing event.  We thank FPC for adding colors to our event and making it extraordinary. FPC once again lef...t no leaf unturned in proving themselves in terms of skills, artistry and talent. Special thanks to the Director FPC Aashish Kumar and Co-Director Manish Kumar. The Welcome party was well photographed and covered every small details of the  event. We appreciate their sincere efforts and wish them more ahead!
Ishaq Bin Sadiq is a student of Knowledge with keen interest in the field of Psychology, Western Philosophy and Social Impact. He has given talks and workshops ...at various organisations such as IoBM, IBA, Rayden College, Fast, UIT, The City School, Eiwan Developments Co, etc. Every morning we get a chance to be different. A chance to change. A chance to be better. Your past is your past. Leave it there. Get on with the future part ~ Nichole Williams https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScuRsRP_1TfnjkNu…/viewform… #IshaqBinSadiq #YouthClubKhi #Reinventyourlife #CharacterBuildingSociety #FastNuces
 Volunteering for SOFTEC is a golden opportunity to fabricate in yourself a complete set ...of managerial skills. SOFTEC offers a collection of 30+ diverse departments to choose your favorite one from. Also, the best volunteers among the lot are chosen to be part of Team SOFTEC following year. So, register now using the link above and make your contribution to the biggest I.T Extravaganza of Pakistan.  #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC2020
 The DSC Web Team would like to hold an open session over Github this Thursday and would like to invite those who are in...terested to come and have a hands-on experience. The session will mainly talk about the basics of Github, the typical workflow, with some basic instructions and uses that might help you gain exposure to use code repositories available on the Internet. Also, prior to attending the event, be sure to bring your laptops/devices, as well as have a Github account set up and prepared. The session will require two software.  #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs #GitHub
 Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC

Polish your skills and be ready to fall deeper into the most electrifying adventure of the year. This time around, NU-FEST is giving you the chance of being a p...art of the ultimate championship. To let you enter into this enthusiastic ride of contests, we have opened up our registrations and therefore, NU-FEST is live! So what are you waiting for, friends? Choose your seats, lock those seat-belts as NU-FEST ignites up the engine of ambition.
NU-FEST 2020 has come knocking at your doors to carry your talents upon the excellent stage. Right here stands your chance in all its glory to showcase your fin...esse in an exciting variety of domains ranging from Sports, Dramatics, Literary and EGaming to Digital Arts.  If you feel you have it in you to make the impossible, possible; make sure you do not forget to participate. Feel the thrill and be ready to fight for the championship!
Attention all thrill seekers, all fun chasers, all pursuers of endless wonders and enjoyment. Let’s get together for a day full of countless entertainment with ...events that cater to everyone’s tastes from sports to math competitions and from debates to drama.
They say having great leadership is a vital key to success and with that in mind, we bring forth the passionate and the dedicated, the diligent and the ardent. ...Brace yourselves, for without them the essence of this event wouldn’t have soared to levels as high as the sky. Presenting, the extended committee of NU-FEST 2020. EXCEEDING EXPECTATIONS! #HOSTINGCHAMPIONS #NUFEST2020
We can feel the seconds tick by. The anticipation is rising. And the excitement is through the roof. To get you up close and personal with the happenings in thi...s electrifying event, you know as NU-FEST, we present to you our social media accounts across multiple platforms. Give them a follow to keep up with the latest developments and reach out to us for any queries.
Commitment and dedication towards academic excellence are upheld by FAST NUCES Lahore. We strive to bring out the best in you. 
 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC2020

Working alone often demands a lot more than what the hardwork results in, but the same work seems effortless when in a team! With renewed vigour and limitless e...nthusiasm, we continue to stride forward, but this time with new leadership taking the wheel!
 Register before coming: https://forms.gle/i9bhdhonJmfqVJuD6 #DesignDevelopDeploy

ACM NUCES is finally here!  If you love to learn, explore or grow and you're looking for a stage then look no further! ACM NUCES, with its international footprint, gives an unprecedented opportunity to fulfill all your dreams! #ACMNUKhi #FASTNUKhi
Salaam! Bhai fast University government hai ya nhi or es ke 1 semester ke fee ktni hai total jldii btae pz



Our voice is a knack given to us so that we can utilize it for noble purposes. Does the dream of people listening to your voice ever surpass your mind?  Well, T...LC gives you the chance of fulfilling your dream on the platform of Intra FAST Parliamentary Debating Competition. The competition has no restrictions and it's open for all. Registrations are live, so if you don't want to miss out, register as soon as possible. Stay tuned for updates. Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC #spillyourskill

 For this grand event, Team Grand Debate 2019 is looking fo...r candidates for the post of BRAND AMBASSADOR. Interested candidates for this position can apply by filling in the registration form from the link given below. Candidates having more influential status to bring in more applicants for the debate will be preferred for the post of Brand Ambassador. http://bit.ly/BrandAmbassador_TGD19
We can feel the seconds tick by. The anticipation is rising. And the excitement is through the roof. To get you up close and personal with the happenings in thi...s electrifying event, you know as NU-FEST, we present to you our social media accounts across multiple platforms. Give them a follow to keep up with the latest developments and reach out to us for any queries.

They step into the battlefield taking bold, confident strides. Their minds alert and their gaze; averted from all matters to come, fixates on their ultimate goa...l: to take NU-FEST to such great summits of success that one gets the perfect chance to walk into the limelight. 
Come along with us, in teams, joining this vlogging fiesta and showcase your skills for a chance to win on Tuesday 22nd October 2019.                 Furthermore meet some great vloggers of Pakistan!

Ladies and Gentlemen, We present to you your President of the Dramatics and Extra Curricular Society [DECS], The most entertaining society of FAST-NUCES Karachi... Campus, Shaheer Anjum The person deserves an introduction but doesn't need one,A dedicated person who started his journey from being a member of the Public Speaking House, TLC in his freshmen year, is now the president of the most prominent society of FAST, 'Dramatics and Extra Curricular Society.' Along with being a successful member of TLC,  Shaheer Anjum has also won the Intra FAST Declamation contest. Moreover, he has been a part of FAST's flagship event Procom and Devday in his sophomore year. His accomplishments in Public Speaking House boosted him up as a Coordinator in PSH, and his efforts made him the founder of the event 'We are Pakistan.' The achievements didn't stop here; he is founder of NU-FEST and worked as an Event Administrator of NU-Fest in his junior year. Let's not forget the hardwork he has done at the Annual Dinner'18 and the Welcome Party'19 to make it exceptional and fun for all Fastians We like to wish the best of luck to our new President-DECS and a successful year ahead.

 We, with immense enthusiasm, gladly announce the members for the respective teams of NU-FEST who would spark up every accomplishment with their expertise. All prepared to take this festival to great summits of success, welcome aboard!
Good fortune is what happens when opportunity meets with planning. 
Ladies and Gentlemen, We present to you your President of the Dramatics and Extra Curricular Society [DECS], The most entertaining society of FAST-NUCES Karachi... Campus, Shaheer Anjum The person deserves an introduction but doesn't need one,A dedicated person who started his journey from being a member of the Public Speaking House, TLC in his freshmen year, is now the president of the most prominent society of FAST, 'Dramatics and Extra Curricular Society.' Along with being a successful member of TLC,  Shaheer Anjum has also won the Intra FAST Declamation contest. Moreover, he has been a part of FAST's flagship event Procom and Devday in his sophomore year. His accomplishments in Public Speaking House boosted him up as a Coordinator in PSH, and his efforts made him the founder of the event 'We are Pakistan.' The achievements didn't stop here; he is founder of NU-FEST and worked as an Event Administrator of NU-Fest in his junior year. Let's not forget the hardwork he has done at the Annual Dinner'18 and the Welcome Party'19 to make it exceptional and fun for all Fastians We like to wish the best of luck to our new President-DECS and a successful year ahead.
Welcome to the online book & stationary store * No need to worry about your books,notes, copies and any of your stationary item .. * you don't have to travel alot for your books... * every item is available in reasonable price ... *just book your order now to get your all stuff ... *you can also order in bulk ... For more detail call/sms/WhatsApp at  0334 3921273 Delivery charges is just 200

Sports Week started at #FAST_NUCES_Peshawar for students of all departments and disciplines of the university. The event is organised by the #SportsSociety  in ...which selected students from all faculties served as volunteers under supervision of staff members. The event consist of games like Badminton, Cricket, Volleyball, Futsal, Table Tennis, Ludo, Chess, and Basketball.
DSC NUCES started this year with a firm stand and zeal to introduce a community of students working together for the sake of bringing students from all talents ...and ambitions at one platform. And now, here we are with much pleasure.  After an enthralling introductory session, followed by the RedBull Basement workshop, and then the inductions themselves, we received an overwhelming response from the students at FAST NUCES about their ideas, their willingness to contribute, and their unrelenting motivation drive.  So here we are, with the final list of the team members in DSC. We would like to congratulate each and every one of you for being a part of this initiative. With a strong start and a firm mindset, we wish you the greatest of lucks and the highest of hopes! #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs

IEEE NUCES Cfd is going to arrange a PCB workshop for students. Event is going to be held on 22nd of October 2019 at Fast Nuces Cfd campus. Students from every batch are invited as PCB is one of the important things for our projects.  Registration fee will be 300. Register yourself  on the following link https://tinyurl.com/y57omnxk

Bored already? No problem. Get ready to exercise your brains with the latest exhilarating challenges and trials. The WebMasters is back once again in all its gl...ory and this time it comes with an all new set of opportunities. So steel yourself and get yourself registered for the introductory session via this link as soon as you can. https://forms.gle/724GhYXMdAmZcBBt7


 We present a token of appreciation to all the Decsters transforming the welcome pa...rty 2k19 extraordinarily into an exciting experience for us. The perfect show was put up to entertain and amuse everyone. The diligent effort of each and every contributor is worth to aknowledge and applaud! We thank you all for your sincere attempts and contributions. #DECS #DECSTERS #DONEandDUSTED #WelcomeParty19

“The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.” - Peter Drucker Limited seats are available. So, hurry up and get yourself registered through the link attached below. Link: https://forms.gle/firGKuY5iy2nm47u5 Registration fee: 400 Rs only.
The spotlight dims out, as the most electrifying event of this year glimmers into the limelight and astonishes everyone through its exciting aura. Here it is, a... roller coaster set to ride down a wholesome series of undiscovered strengths; NU-FEST, the ultimate celebration of various talents.


I am looking for a computer science student or graduate who want a paid remote internship or fulltime job. Must be well versed in JAVA/J2EE/Springboot stack.
Highly Skilled Faculty of Civil Department at FAST NUCES Lahore yields outstanding civil engineers who are prepared to outperform in the contemporary industry.



 Stay tuned ...for more updates~
 If you still do not have your tickets for the picnic, fret not friends, DECS extends the Welcome Party's ticket sale till tomorrow!  Don't waste any time and avail this opportunity as soon as possible by purchasing your tickets from the Cafeteria in the main building or from the EE block. #welcomeparty2k19 #sandandtanlines #beach2k19
Sahir Ali Bagga will be Live at Air University in AirTech'19 on 5th October. Get your tickets as soon as possible. For tickets contact Faseeh Ahmad 0312 1881996...  Sardar Usama Sabir 0312 9825614 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity
 If you still do not have your tickets for the picnic, fret not friends, DECS extends the Welcome Party's ticket sale till tomorrow!  Don't waste any time and avail this opportunity as soon as possible by purchasing your tickets from the Cafeteria in the main building or from the EE block. #welcomeparty2k19 #sandandtanlines #beach2k19
 Stay tuned ...for more updates~


The clock is ticking away! Only 4 days left! As the day of excitement and joy, filled with absolute enthusiasm approaches, don't forget to grab your tickets fro...m the cafeteria or the main entrance of the EE building. We are sure you don't want to miss out on all the fun.  #welcomeparty #comingsoon #tickets #firstcomefirstserve #decs2k19 #countdown
He started off his journey with theatrics, but quickly rose to the top of the ladder in the acting business. Being the first Pakistani actor to work in an India...n television series, not to mention, he won the best Sitcom Drama Writer in 2005. Be it the role of a hero, a villain or a comedian, he has played it all. This man left a legacy which paved a new definition about acting. He taught us that without wonder and insight, acting is just a business; but with it, it becomes a creation. You might know him from the famous award winning drama “Thori si wafa chahiyay”. Without further ado, let us introduce our chief guest! The man, the myth, the legend Sir Sajid Hasan. Don’t miss out on the chance to meet this great personality at the launch of NU-FEST.
Everyone likes a break from the boring class schedules, right? Then what are you waiting for? Only 3 days left for you to buy your ticket or we'll be left with ...no spot for you! So hurry up and grab your tickets from cafeteria or EE block. #welcomeparty #comingsoon #tickets #firstcomefirstserve #decs2k19 #countdown
After a prolonged period of stressful studies, DECS is all set to fulfill its promise of providing you some enthralling events! Can you feel the excitement? It'...s in the air! We proudly lift the suspense from our most awaited gathering of the year, the welcome party; all set to be held at the most extraordinary Hawksbay Beach! What are you waiting for then? Get ready to soak in your feet and play under the sun as the sand takes you in.

 #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #FunFact #SOFTEC2020
The wait is over! Ticket sales have finally hit the floor. Grab a ticket for 500/- and get aboard with the rest of the FASTians. Drop by at the cafeteria or EE ...block latest by Thursday to make sure you are in to experience the massive fiesta! #welcomeparty #comingsoon #tickets #firstcomefirstserve #decs2k19
#CFD_campus_Students can contact me for Registration


Joining us for tomorrow will be very two special people as guests, and as excellent speakers. When Red bull basement wasn't just great news, we have Malik Walee...d, a Chief Technical Officer, and Osama Tabrez, a marketing specialist and consultant at Xoop, a Pakistan based firm designed to target logistics and courier based solutions. #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSC #GoogleCommunity #redbullPakistan #DeveloperStudentClubs

The intensity of potential is surging at great extents and we cannot possibly find a better way to contain it; therefore, we seek solutions to let it free. Team... NU-FEST is on the hunt for Brand Ambassadors who are willing to take our vision to new heights and who can turn masses into believers. Have you got what it takes? Then sign up today!  Register now: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdnvXoe9MCGE93B1…/viewform…




 DS...C has partnered with Redbull Basement University to bring forward its first venture. Our target this time round are enthusiastic and capable individuals who are unaware of the existence of the word 'impossible'. It is an event open for all students who have a passion to not just live but to strive forwards with a purpose.  #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSCNUCES #GoogleCommunity #developerstudentclubs
 DS...C has partnered with Redbull Basement University to bring forward its first venture. Our target this time round are enthusiastic and capable individuals who are unaware of the existence of the word 'impossible'. It is an event open for all students who have a passion to not just live but to strive forwards with a purpose.  #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSCNUCES #GoogleCommunity #developerstudentclubs
What Happened in COMSATS University Islamabad is Really condemnable ..... :(  Where Are our institutions heading ..... ? Where is humanity ..? Silence .... :(  R.I.P Inam ... May Allah rest his soul in peace .... #JusticeforInam

Hmm So This group is basically for Fastians and for those who want to join FAST in Future .... We are active back ..... Covering all campuses of FAST
The celsius continues to escalate, and studies? Don't ever seem to cease.  DECS has perhaps considered the best way to welcome you all in this surging heat. Be ...prepared for the most extraordinary party of the year! 



#Fast_Nuces_CFD_Campus #Be_an_IEEE_member
The celsius continues to escalate, and studies? Don't ever seem to cease.  DECS has perhaps considered the best way to welcome you all in this surging heat. Be ...prepared for the most extraordinary party of the year! 


 This workshop will be conducted tomorrow from 5 PM- 7PM today in MEDC Seminar Hall. In this workshop, you people will be informed about the tool WORDPRESS that is used for Web Development and how to use it and stuff. The workshop is open for all and anyone can attend it and it doesn't requires any past experience. You just have to fill the form through this link by logging in through your NU ID.... There are almost only 50 seats at Max so these seats will be given on First Come First Serve Basis. This MEDC Seminar hall is in Old Building first floor in the right wing just about the Auditorium. NOTE:- *There are only LIMITED SEATS* https://forms.gle/vGthjkw7BER1a7Zz6 Here's the link for registration!
Call for ambassador for FASTIANS Here @North Rovers provide the opportunity for Travelers, Adventurous & social activists from different institutions, Societies, Universities or any other fields as an #Ambassador . https://drive.google.com/open…
 To master the art of solde...ring, TnC is conducting Soldering Workshops for all the beginners out there, to assist with the basics for the upcoming projects. As an added bonus, TnC is offering FREE REGISTRATIONS to first 60 students! So hurry up and register now to avail this early bird offer! Mark your calendars for 7th October 2019, Monday from 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm. Venue: EWS lab & EE FYP lab Link: https://forms.gle/gUQdb7sLNCz1Xac88
#Fast-Islamabad *NaSCon CS Events Team Interviews* Reminder! Interviews for officers/coordinators are being held on Thursday and Friday 11 am - 5 pm. Walk ins are highly encouraged, so don't miss out! Keep in touch with slate for updates.

Sahir Ali Bagga will be Live at Air University in AirTech'19 on 5th October. Tickets are now available. For tickets contact Faseeh Ahmad 0312 1881996  Sardar Us...ama Sabir 0312 9825614 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 For all updates related to the concert follow: https://www.facebook.com/events/692659921238105/?ti=cl
Team SOFTEC is honored to have conducted a successful orientation for the year 2019. The orientation was house full and we are more than grateful for all those ...who came! Here are some memories of the event. Make sure to find yourself in the pictures! Also, stay tuned on our social media accounts for further updates! #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza #Orientation2019

Team SOFTEC proudly conducted the Orientation'19 successfully to give you all a hint of all that SOFTEC aims to offer. Guess what, there's much more in store fo...r you all. Thus, presenting to you a glimpse of SOFTEC'19! #SOFTEC #Orientation2019 #ITExtravaganza #SOFTEC2020 #SOFTEC2019
Join us this Thursday for an interactive session with Abdul Moeed to know what's hot in the field of Artificial Intelligence and have your confusions resolved.  The seminar will be an hour long. The first half will be all about Machine Learning and it's applications, trends and the AI market, while the second half will be a Q&A session where all your questions will be answered! So, don't miss this, people! We'll be waiting for you at the New Auditorium at 12:30 PM sharp! Get ...yourselves registered: https://forms.gle/pdUeovhQPhQ5pqcK9 Follow this event on: https://www.facebook.com/events/2631385817081859/?ti=as
Hello all ! We are Super excited to announce that we are now recruiting core team members for the year 2019-2020. Students of other programs can  apply for non ...technical positions. - Acquire a certificate by Google - Get direct access to Google resources and community - Gain relevant industry experience by solving problems for local organizations with technology-based solutions - Showcase your prototypes and solutions to your local community and industry leader. - Use Google resources in order to create something which will make an impact on our society
Missed our last inductions session?  No problem, Mids give us all a real hard time. Cheer up, TnC is inducting AGAIN!  Do not miss the astounding opportunity th...is time. Venue: EE Conference Room
#IEEE_FAST_NUCES_STUDENT_BRANCH in collaboration with #NUCES_ACM_Student_Chapter and #FAST_NUCES is going  to organize 1st #TECH_Summit in #FAST_NUCES_Peshawar ...on 6th October 2019. Come and learn new and efficient ways of dealing with the modern problems of society. As technology has been integrated into our lives so have their problems. The old ways and methodologies are no longer efficient. We will be providing you with such methods to deal with such hassles.  Event Details: https://web.facebook.com/events/383847498954004/
Internships will be offered to selected candidates and we also consider him for available and upcoming jobs. Limited seats available. 61% discount voucher for Cisco Industrial Certification and lifetime access on Cisco Academy Portal and subscription to Cisco Job Portal. Last Few Days left for Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification course registration in NUCES FAST CISCO ACADEMY, ISLAMABAD.  * Microsoft Server 2016 (MCSA) * Microsoft Server 2016 (MCSE) Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm in weekdays or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student’s availability. Special discount for 4 or more group candidates. NUCES FAST UNIVERSITY, IT Server Room, A.K. Brohi Road, H-11/4, NUCES FAST UNIVERSITY, Islamabad
The clock is ticking and here we are left with just one day for the grand orientation of the biggest extravaganza that Pakistan's IT world has ever seen. So, ge...ar up guys because SOFTEC's orientation is due tomorrow and we're waiting to see you all there!  #SOFTEC #Orientation2019 #ITExtravaganza
Here's the registration link for Visitors. Visitor registration is 200 rupees, visitors must fill this form if they want to visit AIRTECH'19. *This form is not ...for participants* https://forms.gle/ABM6gTKN7s9CdyLY8 BRACE YOURSELVES.  AIRTECH'19: 4TH - 6TH OCTOBER 2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Here's the registration link for Visitors. Visitor registration is 200 rupees, visitors must fill this form if they want to visit AIRTECH'19. *This form is not ...for participants* https://forms.gle/ABM6gTKN7s9CdyLY8 BRACE YOURSELVES.  AIRTECH'19: 4TH - 6TH OCTOBER 2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity


Thinking about joining SOFTEC? Well, you're on the right track then because we're just about to give you a notion of all that SOFTEC has to offer. Be it combati...ng in the Robo Rumble or showing your wit in Gaming or demonstrating your technical knowledge in the programming domain, SOFTEC is the best platform to do so by competing in standardised competitions and winning significant cash prizes too. If looking to find a job or a chance to connect to the industry officials, then there's no better opportunity than what SOFTEC aims to provide. Whether, trying to find opportunities to garner efficient communication and management skills or gathering experience on working in a structured team environment, then SOFTEC is just what you're looking for to join. Thus, avail these multivarious, dynamic services and opportunities that SOFTEC provides and make the best out of it. Stay tuned on our social media accounts for regular updates and be a constant part of SOFTEC! Let's get on this ride to success and learning together! #SOFTEC #ITExtravaganza
Sahir Ali Bagga will be Live at Air University in AirTech'19 on 5th October. Get your tickets as soon as possible. For tickets contact Faseeh Ahmad 0312 1881996...  Sardar Usama Sabir 0312 9825614 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity
Sahir Ali Bagga will be Live at Air University in AirTech'19 on 5th October. Get your tickets as soon as possible. For tickets contact Faseeh Ahmad 0312 1881996...  Sardar Usama Sabir 0312 9825614 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity
 For all of you eagerly awaiting to be a part of DSC, stay tuned as we are preparing to welcome you all in our inductions. Details wi...ll be provided soon.  Meanwhile, we would be honored if you would take out the time to fill up the attached Google form as per your leisure.










Last Few Days left for Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification course registration in NUCES FAST CISCO ACADEMY, ISLAMABAD.Internships will be offered to selected candidates and we also consider him for available and upcoming jobs.Limited seats available. 61% discount voucher for Cisco Industrial Certification. * Microsoft Server 2016 (MCSA) * Microsoft Server 2016 (MCSE) Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm in weekdays or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student’s availability. Special discount for 4 or more group candidates. NUCES FAST UNIVERSITY, IT Server Room, A.K. Brohi Road, H-11/4, Nuces, Islamabad

Sahir Ali Bagga will be Live at Air University in AirTech'19 on 5th October. Get your tickets as soon as possible. For tickets contact Faseeh Ahmad 0312 1881996...  Sardar Usama Sabir 0312 9825614 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity

Professional courses that leads to high paying jobs. Join Tech Matrix Now...
Fast without "t" is Fas and Fas gae na yahan aake? 🙃Fast without ′′ t ′′ is fas and got stuck here? 🙃
We wish you all the best of luck with your Midterms. Go forth and ace your exams.  #FASTNUCESLHR #AllTheBest #Midterm1 #AceYourExams
Last Few Days left for Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification course registration. Internships will be offered to selected candidates and we also consider him for available and upcoming jobs.Limited seats available. Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm in weekdays or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student’s availability. NUCES FAST UNIVERSITY, IT Server Room, A.K. Brohi Road, H-11/4, Nuces Islamabad
Only 8 days left!!! Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https://forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE...8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity



An ACM event especially for juniors after Mids. Check This Out!
 #DECS2k19

We offer internship to those candidates who complete CCNA(Routing & Switching Program) or CCNA(Cyber Security Operations) Program or MCSA/MCSE and also consider them for available job as well.if you interested in any course you can register for any course by downloading registration form from our website http://isb.nu.edu.pk and email to cisco.academy@nu.edu.pk or contact on 03324180474, 051-111-128-128 Ext 215 NUCES FAST University, IT Server Room,A.K. Brohi Road, H-11/4,Islamabad

Hello! Yaar jb ap log kisi society ka banner post krte ho ya uni se related kuch info hoti hai to please sath campus mention kr dia kro .... Thanks
Again, its not a competition but everyone's requested to join the official group for all the notifications regarding events and updates of FAST Lahore. And queries regarding studies, yes. (gonna help y'all in mids)


 Internships will also be offered to selected candidates and we also consider him for available and upcoming jobs. With respect to receiving number of registrations final date of Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification Courses extended to 23rd September, 2019 at NUCES FAST University, Islamabad.Classes will start from 23rd September, 2019. Professional Certification Courses which will... going to be offered are as: CCNA (Routing & Switching) Course Duration (3 Months) CCNA (Cyber Security Operations) Course Duration (1.5 Months) CCNA (Security) Course Duration (1.5 Months) IT Essentials Course Duration (1.5 Months) MTA ((Microsoft Technology Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solution Expert) Course Duration (2 Months) Eligibility Criteria : Any Student of NUCES FAST or outside with basic IT Knowledge. Real Time practical experience on fully equipped Cisco, Microsoft Labs. Course design accordingly to International Standards from Microsoft & Cisco. Cisco & Microsoft Qualified trained instructors. Exciting Career in IT, Network & Systems using Online Cisco Talent Bridge Matching Engine. Life Time access on Cisco online portal. Online exam of each Chapters & Module from on Cisco online Portal. Original letter from Chairman & Chief Executive Officer on Course completion for Cisco Courses. Industrial Certification 60% discount voucher for Cisco Industrial Certification. Limited Internship opportunity after course completion. Special discount for (early birds, already enroll students in CCNA Course or if student enroll more than one course at a time, NUCES FAST Employees & Group of more than 4 students). On Campus, Online or One to One priority training Class facility available for students. Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student’s availability. NUCES FAST, IT Server Room, A.K. Brohi Road, H-11/4, Islamabad"



Fastians mega tour to swat valley. limited seats are available




 With respect to receiving number of registrations final date of Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification Courses extended to 23rd September, 2019 at NUCES FAST University, Islamabad.Classes will start from 23rd September, 2019. Professional Certification Courses which will going to be offered are as: IT Essentials Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solution Expert) Course Duration (2 Months) Eligibility Criteria : Any Student of NUCES FAST or outside with basic IT Knowledge. Exciting Career in IT, Network & Systems using Online Cisco Talent Bridge Matching Engine. Life Time access on Cisco online portal. Online exam of each Chapters & Module from on Cisco online Portal. Limited Internship opportunity after course completion. Special discount for (early birds, already enroll students in CCNA Course or if student enroll more than one course at a time, NUCES FAST Employees & Group of more than 4 students). Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student’s availability. NUCES FAST, IT Server Room, A.K. Brohi Road, H-11/4, Islamabad
Hello ! Whoever need books of AP and Calculus Open the link below : 1. Thomas Calculus(13th edition) 2. Calculus-I (Reference Book) 3. Fundamentals of physics (10th edition)... 4. Physics for engineers (6th edition)(Reference book) #Admin  BSCS Only *Tell me are books avaliable and accesible..... Link :
 We are all set to have you on board with us on 20th Sept'19 Venue: EE- Auditorium Registration Link: https://forms.gle/b47aV1XKsCYeHvZ19
NUCES ACM is one of the few societies that can actually help you in your academic life (in a place where academic life is the toughest in the country). If you want ACM to appear on your resume, and have fun working in a society that will help you throughout your professional career, then you don't want to miss out on our orientation. NUCES ACM invites you all to our orientation on this Thursday, September 19th. Please mark your calendars and save the date.  If you want to be part of NUCES ACM, apply by following the link below.  Link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeadXeoz6EzKQlO1…/viewform…


Behold Freshmen!  FAST Care is coming into action to give you all an opportunity to be a part of our prestigious social network. So, gear up and avail this chan...ce to understand our vision and play your role in our mission. Complete the following checklist to be a part of our esteemed society. • Mark "Going" on the orientation event page. • Fill the form below. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfSvmzstkTrGeJAoN…/viewform So be there at the orientation on the 20th of September and stay tuned for more information because we're just getting started! #FASTCare #Orientation2019 #CareOrientation #DoGoodFeelGood
#OneNess_Muslims
Booking of Food stalls is now open for AirTech'19! Contact  Hassaan Iqbal for further information! Contact: 03359344822 03055524249 #AirTech19 #TechForLife ... #AirUniversity

 With respect to receiving number of registrations final date of Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification Courses extended to 23rd September, 2019 at NUCES FAST University, Islamabad.Classes will start from 23rd September, 2019. Professional Certification Courses which will going to be offered are as: CCNA (Routing & Switching) Course Duration (3 Months)... CCNA (Cyber Security Operations) Course Duration (1.5 Months) CCNA (Security) Course Duration (1.5 Months) IT Essentials Course Duration (1.5 Months) MTA ((Microsoft Technology Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solution Expert) Course Duration (2 Months) Eligibility Criteria : Any Student of NUCES FAST or outside with basic IT Knowledge. Real Time practical experience on fully equipped Cisco, Microsoft Labs. Course design accordingly to International Standards from Microsoft & Cisco. Cisco & Microsoft Qualified trained instructors. Exciting Career in IT, Network & Systems using Online Cisco Talent Bridge Matching Engine. Life Time access on Cisco online portal. Online exam of each Chapters & Module from on Cisco online Portal. Original letter from Chairman & Chief Executive Officer on Course completion for Cisco Courses. Industrial Certification 60% discount voucher for Cisco Industrial Certification. Limited Internship opportunity after course completion. Special discount for (early birds, already enroll students in CCNA Course or if student enroll more than one course at a time, NUCES FAST Employees & Group of more than 4 students). On Campus, Online or One to One priority training Class facility available for students. Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student’s availability. NUCES FAST, IT Server Room, A.K. Brohi Road, H-11/4, Nuces Islamabad Campus

  - Foster Learning & Development in fields of    Engineering, Computer, & Management    Sciences and Digital Marketing.  - Develop a skill-set among students to     facilitate them in the job-market upon     successful completion of degrees. Redox Services & Solutions is a team of industry professionals aspiring aspiring to join hands with academic researchers & professors for knowledge sharing to aid technological advancements and management sciences practices and applications.  #RedoxServicesSolutions #Students #Skills #learning #development #trainings #managementsciences #digital #marketing #computers #engineering #MaxFoster #MaxFosterGlobal
Booking of Food stalls is now open for AirTech'19! Contact  Hassaan Iqbal for further information! Contact: 03359344822 03055524249 #AirTech19 #TechForLife ... #AirUniversity


Are you wondering how to score a good GPA? Are you in need of tips from your seniors to prepare for the mids or want to communicate with them directly regarding... any matter?  https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdxcayQ3FwE0ahK5…/viewform…


Al-Naafay girls hostel welcomes all the girls looking for an accommodation that provides the homely environment and the best facilities! For further information please feel free to call or WhatsApp 0333-5221419. https://www.facebook.com/alnaafaygirlshostel/
 Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link... given below: https://forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity




In collaboration with AIR Media Club - AMC , AirTech is proud to present the 3rd chapter of national photography competition which is the largest intrauniversit...y photography competition in Pakistan with prize upto 50k. Registrations are open! To register, follow this link:  https://forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity





Hello FAST fledglings, we are pleased that you have joined a celebrated tradition in the world of IT. Are you excited to know which societies make life interesting at FAST? Do you already feel you need a break? Then mark your calendars!. Be Ready to explore places,initiate self-discovery and win lasting friendships. Join NFT on Thursday 19th in Syed Rafaqat Ali Auditorium to WIN surprise GIFTS & FREE/discounted trip TICKETS !!








 New Batches of Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification Courses going to be start from 16th September, 2019 at NUCES FAST University, Islamabad.Last date for apply for any course is 16th September, 2019. Professional Certification Courses which will going to be offered are as: CCNA (Routing & Switching) Course Duration (3 Months) CCNA (Cyber Security Operations) Course Duration (1.5 Months)... CCNA (Security) Course Duration (1.5 Months) IT Essentials Course Duration (1.5 Months) MTA ((Microsoft Technology Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solution Expert) Course Duration (2 Months) Eligibility Criteria : Any Student of NUCES FAST or outside with basic IT Knowledge.  Real Time practical experience on fully equipped Cisco, Microsoft Labs. Course design accordingly to International Standards from Microsoft & Cisco. Cisco & Microsoft Qualified trained instructors. Exciting Career in IT, Network & Systems using Online Cisco Talent Bridge Matching Engine. Life Time access on Cisco online portal. Online exam of each Chapters & Module from on Cisco online Portal. Original letter from Chairman & Chief Executive Officer on Course completion for Cisco Courses. Industrial Certification 60% discount voucher for Cisco Industrial Certification. Limited Internship opportunity after course completion. Special discount for (early birds, already enroll students in CCNA Course or if student enroll more than one course at a time, NUCES FAST Employees & Group of more than 4 students). On Campus, Online or One to One priority training Class facility available for students. Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student’s availability.



Hello, I'm doing Computer Science from FAST Peshawar. If anybody from Karachi or Islamabad want to swap seats with me. Let me know. Thanks.


 New Batches of Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification Courses going to be start from 16th September, 2019 at NUCES FAST University, Islamabad.Last date for apply for any course is 16th September, 2019. Professional Certification Courses which will going to be offered are as: CCNA (Routing & Switching) Course Duration (3 Months) CCNA (Cyber Security Operations) Course Duration (1.5 Months)... CCNA (Security) Course Duration (1.5 Months) IT Essentials Course Duration (1.5 Months) MTA ((Microsoft Technology Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solution Expert) Course Duration (2 Months) Eligibility Criteria : Any Student of NUCES FAST or outside with basic IT Knowledge.  Real Time practical experience on fully equipped Cisco, Microsoft Labs. Course design accordingly to International Standards from Microsoft & Cisco. Cisco & Microsoft Qualified trained instructors. Exciting Career in IT, Network & Systems using Online Cisco Talent Bridge Matching Engine. Life Time access on Cisco online portal. Online exam of each Chapters & Module from on Cisco online Portal. Original letter from Chairman & Chief Executive Officer on Course completion for Cisco Courses. Industrial Certification 60% discount voucher for Cisco Industrial Certification. Limited Internship opportunity after course completion. Special discount for (early birds, already enroll students in CCNA Course or if student enroll more than one course at a time, NUCES FAST Employees & Group of more than 4 students). On Campus, Online or One to One priority training Class facility available for students. Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student’s availability.
Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity




https://www.facebook.com/events/598407407335864/?ti=icl


Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity


 #Pakistan's income through IT is approximately $1 billion/year where #India earns approximately $142 billion/year In next few years, India will be World's IT hub. They are creating inventors. We are teaching our children #obsolete, out-dated courses and #curriculum. The books of the courses we are covering in our colleges & universities that are written so before our birth. I want to see Pakistan where our news channels will telecast programs on #IT revolution and educational competitions rather than Jeeto Pakistan jahan motor bike Hui ifra Ki and ab Auntiyaaaa kahan hain... the actual point is to stop and ponder where we are heading. #copied The facts of ceo”s may be wrong so verify it by yourself...
Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
For Islamabad Campus CS Notes Four Morals of Specific form of human being Sir Hafiz Tayyab Nadeem Islamic and Religious Studies
If anyone or anyone you know wants to swap campuses from Lahore to Islamabad for BSCS, please let me know as I'm looking to transfer to Lahore.
Here's the list of winning prizes of all events for AirTech'19. Registration will be opened soon. BRACE YOURSELVES. AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #T...echForLife  #AirUniversity


Registration Fee Details along with Max. Members  For AirTech'19  Registration will be opened soon BRACE YOURSELVES AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #T...echForLife  #AirUniversity
How many classes can I miss for each course??? Pls sahi sahi btade koi
Registration Fee Details along with Max. Members  For AirTech'19  Registration will be opened soon BRACE YOURSELVES AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #T...echForLife  #AirUniversity

Introducing our Logistics Head: Ahsan Murtaza Malik Hi there!  This is Ahsan Murtaza malik. I am currently enrolled in the 3rd semester of Electrical power engi...neering in Air University. I have been the part of Airtech since 2018. This time I am appointed as Head of Logistics for AirTech’19.  In the past I have worked with many reputed organizations like Cesvi Pakistan and UN Pakistan. Now I am working in Youth Counselling and development network as a Lead Ambassador.  I am privileged to be a part Airtech'19 as Logistics Head. I am looking forward to showcase all my best skills for this event.  #AirTech #TechForLife #AirUniveristy


Fast Islamabad, plz koei help kr sakta hy University k qareeb  hostel ka address?? ya fon number k pata keya jaey.







Hello guys, PowerPoint presentation banain or online paise kamain.. To learn more about making elegant and winning presentations along with freelance selling tips, fill the form...



mujhe "SUFFERING" ka bohat shok hai :p daily routine of Fastians xD



 https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfNVodUkS9XQXPLz1…/viewform












 (عبدالمنان) #OneNess_Muslims







yrrr CFD campus walo...mai parson CS dept. washroom ma apne watch bhool gya tha to ksi ne utha lia.agr ksi k pas ha to bhai de do waps...
Fast main karza husnaa jesi  koi  chezz hai Means too say scholarship
 CFD campus waly ye group join kr lo


Finally Wait is Over....After Successfull completion of 1st Batch of all courses. IT Essentials Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solution Expert) Course Duration (2 Months)





Fee structure for software enginering in fast
Can anyone kindly link me to the mathematics book pdf :)






Does anyone know fron where to purchase second hand books of 1st semeter bscsin Islamabad.(other than indian edition)



Post
Tyres per Puncture laga kar electrical engineering krnay wala Pakistani larka...




 https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=923164474090 info@careermigrate.com www.careermigrate.com #CM #StudyinCanada #CareerMigration #StudyAbroad #IELTS #ieltsspeaking #ieltswriting #ieltsexam #ieltsvocabulary #ieltstips #study #studyabroad #studyinaustralia #studyinuk
Anyone here who have done bachelor (4 years) and Mba (1.5) from FAST and applied for Canada immigartion? Does WES (world Education Service) count fast bachelor and masters (17.5 years) education equivalent to Masters and give points of master education for CRS (comprehensive ranking system).??
We help you take your IELTS band to the next level by guiding you exactly how an IELTS examiner marks your writing and speaking tests.


Is Reopening of university from 21st confirmed??
How are you getting 3rd admission online?
Any student of bscs willing to migrate to Islamabad ? I got admission in fast islamabad in bscs but I want to migrate to Lahore.  Anyone willing for swap ?
Agar kisi ne fast lahore me bscs me admission le lia ha aur vo university chorna chahta ha to kindly mere se contact karay .
Hello Fastians! Inbox me your number If you are admitted to the BSCS program at CFD Campus. We are making a  whatsapp group to keep everyone up to date with the university timeline.
Ek baat pochni thi k mere friend ka naam computer science mai aya hai lekin usny admission secure nhi kia tou kia usko iss waqt seat mil skti hai wapis? Please bta dien
Anyone else who got admission in cfd campus but hasn't received an email yet?
#Adertise of #Admission2020 is published. Ask any kind of query related merit and admission. We are here for your help❤
This week the new batch entered FAST-NU which will graduate in 2024. When I look back at my time at FAST, there were quite a few things I wish I had known on my first day at FAST. I created the following presentation for helping CS freshmen survive and thrive especially at FAST. Non-fastian CS freshmen will benefit too, but there might be some adjustments required. Kindly share among CS freshmen if you have any among your friends and family: 

Admission apply ki last date kya h?What is the last date for admission apply?
#MSCS student Suba uni jana hy courses registration k lie. Can seniors please give me suggestions on which subjects i should choose. I came from software engineering background so have 3 deficiency courses theory of automa , assembly lang. And computer architecture.

Asalamu alykum anyone who applied at fast and itu both for mscs/ds and got accepted in both and is now opting for itu? Is ITU's Cs better?


Aoa! I just need help with one thing. I am very worried about people saying that studying at FAST is very hectic and they put dc on everything. And fail most of the students.???? Seniors plz guide that these are rumors or not.????

Asalamu alykum which branch of fast had the highest merit this year for ms cs?
Asalamu alykum. Anyone enrolled in mscs at fast? Could u tell which subjects would be studied in the first semester?

FAST Lahore campus ka apna hostel  hy ? Yahan is k qareb koi hostels ?
Hostels Near Fast Uni peshawar?

I got selected in peshawar campus for their bscs program. I got the offer letter but as I live in karachi idk how to proceed further. They have given me the time to submit documents before 24th August. What should I do now?
How's fast peshawar for bscs? Please share your experiences as we live in karachi so we don't know about the environment and the basically campus life there. Hostel and curriculum?

I got selected in peshawar campus for their bscs program. I got the offer letter but as I live in karachi idk how to proceed further. They have given me the time to submit documents before 24th August. What should I do now?
Assalam-o-Alikum I hope all of you are fine I am selected in MS(CS) program at FAST Islamabad. I wanted to know the timings of MS classes as I am planning to do job along with MS in future.
Last week, Nadia Ashraf, a highly bright and intelligent PhD candidate at Karachi University took her own life. Reason? Psychological stress and deteriorating m...ental health. Her close circle of friends have been saying that she was under severe mental stress due to her doctoral thesis that was being rejected constantly by her advisor. There are also reports that thesis of Nadia was rejected 7 times. If that is the case, #JusticeForNadiaAshraf must be served and I think its the responsibility of state and institution she belonged, to provide swift and immediate investigations in this case. There are also reports that she was being subjected to harassment by her advisor too. God knows better. What do you think about this #NadiaAshraf case that is being surfacing on social media for last couple of days?
Assalam O Alaikum, I've taken Admission in BS (CSDF) Program, complete procedure has been done. But today I've received another Offer Letter of BS (SE) Program. Any suggestions what should I do? Should I change my Program? Or my selected Program is better?
Is there anyone who is going from Karachi to Peshawar as a migrant to study BSCS in FAST?





looking for hostel recommendations near FAST Islamabad campus. If you know of any, please share.

Dekho guys Those who’re confused about FAST sub campuses well here’s the thing to clear your doubts  FAST apni faculty equal n fair grounds of education py hire... krti hy even for the main campus and sub campuses included, teachers go through alot of interviews and exams to be elected here in FAST the main difference between campuses is  No.of courses Location  Sort of torture (jisky leye FAST famous hy) Bs that’s it educational ground py yaha koi difference ni hy kisi bhi campus mein there’re societies there’re curricular activities and remember struggle har jgha hy yr coz life isn’t a plate full of fruits. Peace ❤️

Kl meri sis ka financial aid ka interview tha, usy 50% loan mla pr mjhy ye pochna hy k unho ne hm se kse trh k contract PR sign nh krwaye just ek paper PR 50% l...kh kr apny sign krdye.. To ye kis trh ka loan hy js me koe rules regulations nh hy.. Ek or bat k offer letter me original mark sheet required hy to AGR m unhy original de do to kia kse or uni me apply kr pao
any nearest girls hostel near fast campus Lahore?
Does anyone know what’s the minimum requirement of A-Level result for an admission in FAST NUCES?
Waise Pouchna Yeah Tha Ke Main Aj Fast Campus Karachi Main Gya Tha , Mera forum Main Karachi CS ke leye Eligible Tha or Mera Aggregate 84.5% Hain Toh Uno Ne Ek Forum Diya or Bola Ke Kal tak Payment Kardo toh Koi bta Sagta Hain Ke Masla toh Solve Ho Jaiyega Na CS Mil Toh Jaiyega Na.
just recieve this e-mail form peshwar FAST-NU. They said visit our campus with documents by 13 aug. but i'm living karachi. what'll i do? seniours give help plz..
Anyone who have registered themselves in Fast and paid the fees, i have some queries.  Need Help!!
For Now Closing Merit of FAST (CS): 89 above for Islamabad 90-91 above for Lahore 84 above for Karachi For Faisalabad and Peshawar Campus it is in 70's.

Pakistan mei whatsapp kis trah hack ki jati hai? Aap online fraud se kistrah bach saktay hain? Assistant Director Cyber Crime FIA se mufeed maloomat janiyeHow is WhatsApp hacked in Pakistan? How can you avoid online fraud? Get free information from Assistant Director Cyber Crime FIA

Addmision fees to 20000 the lekn yahan 186500 ?????????
BBA (Islamabad Campus) Aggregate: 88.5% Share your aggregates if you got selected.
#Serious_Note... Ma na Fast Call ki or poucha ka mera 87 agg tha pr Lahore nahi aya nam Cs ma or Faislabad ma eligible aya toh kia krna ho ga mzeed unho na kha ...ya toh 12 se phely Fasilabad aa kr apply krna ho ga ya phir 12 ka baad ka wait krna ho ga agr Lahore Seat khali ho gi toh name ajye ga. Pr agr Ma faislabad ka apply krta hoon toh lahore ka cancel ho jaye ga or agr lahore nam na aya toh na fsd ka rhon ga na lahore ka #What_should_I_do ?


Guys this is the screen of someone who has 90.805% aggregate (o/a levels student with 82.55% at olevels). He applied in BSCV, can anyone tell who got accepted a...nd with what aggregate in BSCV? This guy just got his equivalence certificate (delayed due to covid, academic office told to submit a pdf stating calculated equivalence marks) and submitted it when the University sent him an email on August 3rd to send amd attach his documents with the reply to email. Do you think this is because of the late submission of documents?
Merit ~ 95% .Can anyone tell me about the scholarships .....and how to apply for them.
Can someone tell me if i can apply to any other campus?  My aggregate was 86.65% still couldn’t qualify to Islamabad. Please guide me if i can still choose any other campus?

The following message is for those students who got eligible for Peshawar campus or got conditional message from Peshawar campus " Congratulation you are select...ed for Peshawar Campus. Please send us an email mentioning that you are eligible to apply for Peshawar Campus along with the details and ARN number at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk Admission Formalities brief email will be send to you in a day or two. Be patient and stay connected. For any query you can contact us on (+92) 335 112 8128 or email us at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk" You have to send email with details mentioned above. And wait for their reply. You can visit campus too for admission formalities. But you can also tcs documents they need for your admission.  LAST DATE FOR ADMISSION SECURE IS: 12 AUGUST 2020 CLASSES WILL START BY END OF AUGUST OR FIRST WEEK OF SEPTEMBER. 
Mera CS ma CFD campus aur Peshawar campus dono ma ho ra to kia karo ly lo admission ya koi aur University dakho. Aur fast ka CFD campus kisa ha?
Aj kisi ka MSDS ka test hoa hai to kindly share krdain experience nd kch questions k kis trha k thay.. Mine is on 8th august..
For Now Closing Merit of FAST (CS): 89 above for Islamabad 90-91 above for Lahore 84 above for Karachi For Faisalabad and Peshawar Campus it is in 70's.
Are there any girls' hostel near FAST Islmabad? Which ones are preferred by the students there? Safety is priority and it doesn't matter if the rents are slightly high.
Congratulations to those, who got selected in FAST University 🔥  Being a student of Fast Islamabad, I highly recommend you guys to join Fast as it is one of the... best institute in Pakistan. You also might hear many negative reviews about Fast but they are mostly coming from those who failed from Fast🙄 Personally Fast main parhai tough h lekin mazza bhi issi cheez main h😂 WTF Welcome to Fast❣️





Important Announcement! The Declaration of Selected/Test Qualified Candidates for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS will be announced on 5th August (Wednesday) at 11:00 PM. For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk
The Merit for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS have been announced  for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results. For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk




Bhi test cancel hu gya





Visit Venice before Venice visits you. Now if only the water was blue.... ... P.S. I feel for you Karachi walon, float in there.
FAST School of Management invites you all to join a Virtual Open House (Facebook Live Session) for MBA Program offered for Relevant Degree Graduates (BBA, BSAF ...etc.) and Non-Relevant Degrees Graduates (BSCS, BSEE, etc.) The Programs Coordinators and Senior Faculty Members are looking forward to answering all your questions/ambiguities.



 Senior Faculty Members (Mathematics) are looking forward to answering all your questions/ambiguities. Mark your calendars! 26th July 2020 (Sunday) 05:30 PM
Update Fast Schedule
Our admission for fall 2020 are now open. Visit our website for more information: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/  Last Date to apply is 30th July 2020, so hurry!








Hello everyone, I joined COMSATS Islamabad (in CS) as it was and may be it is still Lumber... Number 1 as per HEC. And mostly people see this side but this rank...ing is because of its area and some other features which are not too much important for your degree. Then, i was so much disappointed because after one and half semesters, i haven't learned much. Then I joined NUCES and beleive me, I am in peace. No doubt, studies are tough because "Aisy to phr log ni kehty k FAST k banda ha isko YES kro " but you will learn a lot. Moreover, seniors are very cooperative. They helped a lot. Campus life is also too good. NUST jitna ni hota because NUST jitny events yahan hony lg gy to parhai kon kry ga 😛. So don't be afraid and frightened from people's arguments. Do Hard work and Have Faith in Allah.  Good Luck ❤️
Hello everyone, I joined COMSATS Islamabad (in CS) as it was and may be it is still Lumber... Number 1 as per HEC. And mostly people see this side but this rank...ing is because of its area and some other features which are not too much important for your degree. Then, i was so much disappointed because after one and half semesters, i haven't learned much. Then I joined NUCES and beleive me, I am in peace. No doubt, studies are tough because "Aisy to phr log ni kehty k FAST k banda ha isko YES kro " but you will learn a lot. Moreover, seniors are very cooperative. They helped a lot. Campus life is also too good. NUST jitna ni hota because NUST jitny events yahan hony lg gy to parhai kon kry ga 😛. So don't be afraid and frightened from people's arguments. Do Hard work and Have Faith in Allah.  Good Luck ❤️
If you're applying in nust, which BS program is your top priority?












BS CYBER SECURITY AND DIGITAL FORENSICS or BS CS main se kis ka merit high hota hai FAST ISLAMABAD main?



AOA! merri percentage ssc or hsc ki avg. Around 55 h, kia mera admission BBA ya or kissi program me hoskta h?

Here are some FAQ's.  1. People are posting their aggregate and asking about admission? A) FAST never shows the merit list and aggregate. Each student gets his/...her offer letter privately. B) This time as admissions are only on the basis of your inter and matric marks so no one have idea about the merit. 2. How many students get admission? A) FAST Isb campus has increased number of seats. For CS, 400 seats and for AI, DS there are 50 50 seats. 3. Hostel? A) FAST has no hostel (isb and lhr). You have to accommodate in private hostel 4. Medical Students can apply? A) Yes, but you have to clear exam of Mathematics either from concerned board or from University. 5. Should we choose FAST? A) Yes, you should choose FAST because of value of its degree and demand. The education, syllabus and work of FAST is very unique and challenging than NUST, COMSATS etc. 6) Campus life? A) The campus life depends upon campus to campus. The life at Islamabad campus is very excellent and probably best amount other campuses. Good Luck for your admission.  For other queries, comment below.
Assalam u alikum  Very curious question If i have put any subject on first preferece and 2nd guy have puttin same subject in 2nd preference and that 2nd guy have scored more marks then me who will they select first?!

konkon fast university mein electrical engr mein admission lena chahta ha jis ka aggregate 75+ ho
Yaar ye labs ka kya hisaab hai HOD sahi tarha clarify nahi kar rahe Agar banda course(pre requisite) me pass hai aur lab us ki nahi howi Woh next semester ka course nahi le sakta? Koi samjha sakta hai

konkon fast university mein electrical engr mein admission lena chahta ha jis ka aggregate 75+ ho

ihave 77% aggregate any chances in fast isb electrical engr
Bro agr merit highest hu kr 90 tk b jata hy tu na se or civil ka cs sy 2 percent km huta hy tu🤔 Se=88 Ce=87 Or dusri list k bad merit phir 2 percent tk decrease kry ga tu🤔 Se=86... CE=85 Is tarh third list b hu skti hy ya ma ny highest merit btaya is sy km b hu skta hy
Pre Medical also can apply for CS SE IT
The BBA structure at FAST keeps in mind the dynamically changing work environment and the demanding need for all-rounded employees. Join the BBA program to be f...ully prepared to put your best foot forward in the job world. To more information visit:  http://nu.edu.pk/Program/BBA To Apply now visit:  http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/


Our admission for fall 2020 are now open. Visit our website for more information: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/  Last Date to apply is 30th July 2020, so hurry!


mera 77 percent ban raha merit kia mera electrical engineering mein fast islamabad mein ho jaye ga is saal plzz bta dein.agar chances hain to kitne percent hainMy merit is becoming 77 percent. Will my electrical engineering be fast in Islamabad this year please tell me. If there are chances then how many percent are there







mera 77 percent ban raha merit kia mera electrical engineering mein fast islamabad mein ho jaye ga is saal plzz bta dein.agar chances hain to kitne percent hainMy merit is becoming 77 percent. Will my electrical engineering be fast in Islamabad this year please tell me. If there are chances then how many percent are there


Can anyone guide me from where should I study for MSCS?





meri matric main 84 or fsc-1 main 71 engineering mein possible ha ??







German Company have internship opportunity for BSIT work at Home... anyone need this internship then contact with me ... Paid internship
mera 77 percent ban raha merit kia mera electrical engineering mein fast islamabad mein ho jaye ga is saal plzz bta dein.agar chances hain to kitne percent hainMy merit is becoming 77 percent. Will my electrical engineering be fast in Islamabad this year please tell me. If there are chances then how many percent are there












Bachelors of Business Administration (BBA) at FAST School of Management promises higher level employ-ability at the entry level of management profession by help...ing them excel in professional and personal development. For more details, visit: bit.ly/fsmlhr2020 Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #FSMLhr #BBA
Anyone doing MSCS from fast Lahore? Need some information.

Matric 79% or part1 57%.... Fast cfd campus main hoo jayy gaa???
Fast university expelling students for semester involved in memes against the university.


Hey everyone!  A video to help you guys  in doing thesis for MS/Phd students. You want to know how to identify research gaps in research articles? So here is the video for newbies.
Civil Engineering department c koye hy ..?
i have 77 %aggregate kia koi chances hai isb campus mein electrical enginnering ke plz koi bata de


Facebook Live! Virtual Open House: BBA & BS(A&F) at FAST School of Management by senior faculty members and program coordinators. Time: 2:00 PM
is saal isb campus ka electrical engr ka exepected merit kahan tak ho skta ha agr kisi ko koi idea ho to plzz bta de


meri matric main 84 or fsc-1 main 71 engineering mein possible ha ??
Masters of Business Administration (MBA) at FAST School of Management is suitable for fresh graduates, experienced and working professionals with 16 years of ed...ucation.  Students with business degrees (BBA, BS-AF, BS-Business etc.) as well as non-business degrees (e.g. BS Engineering, BS, MA, etc.) are encouraged to apply. Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020


Department of Electrical Engineering at FAST NUCES Lahore delivers quality engineering education through dedication to teaching by developing state of the art c...urriculum, grounded in scientific. For more details, visit https://bit.ly/Lhr-EE Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #ElectricalEngineering #EE #BSEE #MSEE

FAST School of Management offers Bachelors. Masters and PhD programs that intend to produce managers and business administrators to face multi-dimensional and c...omplex real-life business problems.  For more details, visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/fsm/ Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #FSMLhr #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
Department of Computer Science at FAST NUCES Lahore offers well structured programs that equips the students with technical knowledge and develop understandings... of the industries and its challenges. For more details, visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/cs/ Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #ComputerScience #BSCS #MSCS
What is the fee structure of Fast for BBA?
“If you’re a blood donor, you’re a hero to someone, somewhere, who received your gracious gift of life.” -anonymous  World Blood Donor Day is celebrated on 14th... of June. The event, established in 2004, serves to raise awareness of the need for safe blood and blood products, and to thank blood donors for their voluntary, life-saving gifts of blood. The need for safe blood is universal. Safe blood is critical both for treatments and urgent interventions. Blood Donor Society urges you to help patients suffering from life-threatening conditions live longer and with a higher quality of life and supports complex medical and surgical procedures. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS

REVISED Admission Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, the...re will be no Admission Test for bachelor programs this year. To apply online, please visit: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
OONLINE BSCS GRADUATES 😁😁😁😁😁


UPDATED Admission Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been Announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, there will be no Admission Test for undergraduate programs this year. Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. To stay updated please visit: http://nu.edu.pk/Admissions/Schedule #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD











Admissions Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been Announced.  Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
Admissions Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been Announced.  Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
FAST NUCES Lahore offers following PhD programs. It provides high quality education to its students for their respective desired fields with highly qualified fa...culty.
FAST School of management through its PhD program provides high quality management education to business scholars. For more details inbox us or visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/
FAST NUCES Lahore with its wide range of graduate programs enables students to explore new avenues in their desired fields and learn to counter emerging challen...ges of academia and industry.
Please subscribe the channel I NEED 1K SUBSCRIBER AND 4K VIEWS HOUR 


FAST NUCES Lahore is equipped with highly qualified faculty, that strives to provide a rich learning environment to the undergraduate students. 




Today, Pakistan International Airlines flight "Airbus A320" slammed in into the Model Colony neighborhood, close to the Jinnah Airport, Karachi with 99 traveler...s, and eight team individuals. It is unclear if the dead were all passengers or also included people on the ground. At least 11 bodies have been recuperated and taken to a Karachi emergency hospital.  The Pakistani nation is getting ready to praise the completion of Ramadan with many people venturing out back to their homes in cities and towns, and this disaster took place. Our condolences to the deceased and speedy recovery to the harmed. May Allah shower His endowments on them. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS
Please subscribe the channel I NEED 1K SUBSCRIBER AND 4K VIEWS HOUR 


you work hard. you make money. you do it for yourself. that's not life. you go out. you seek for people who need your help. you make their lives better. you become that sponge which can absorb all the negativity, and you become that person who can emit beautiful positive vibes, and when you realize that you have changed someone's life and because if you this person didn't give up.that is the day when you live. Always.👍👍👍

اَللَّهُمَّ أَجِرْنِي مِنَ النَّارِ "O, Allah! save me from hell (fire)" The third Ashra is known for “nijat”. At the end of the Ramadan, we are seeking Allah's... protection from hellfire. Allah knows the best and is Ghafoor and Raheem.  May He gives us the strength to seek mercy, guide us to the righteous path and protect us from hellfire. Ameen! #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS





Admissions Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, a revised admission policy for 2020 shall be announced on June 1, 2020.
Admission date SAT 1 SAT 2 , NTS , FAST.NU test .....



Kon kon Fast Nuces Lahore Campus jaye ga 😂😂😂😂
Please Subscribe the channel. I NEED 1K SUBSCRIBER AND 4K VIEWS HOUR




#Barish kon c #CITY my ho rai hai?? ❤  Sb apni city btao ⚡😊



Ms/PhD 100% Confirm Scholarships in China 🔰Intake : September 2020 ❇️Majors available : 📙Almost All majors available. 🔶Location : China... 💰Scholarship Coverage: 100% 🔘Hostel fee after Scholarship: Free 🔘Tuition fee after Scholarship: Free 🔘Stipend: 500¥-3000¥ per month 🎈Success rate : 100%






Do you want to go Usa/Canada/Uk for your Master degree studies? We will pay your full tuition fee if you can't afford it. Contact. 03204001011




Do you want to go Usa/Canada/Uk for your Master degree studies? We will pay your full tuition fee if you can't afford it. Contact. 03204001011

#STUDY #IN #ITALY Don’t waste your time and send your updated CV to eveedu786@gmail.com Contact: Phone (Whatsapp): +923115443177,+8613247278790,+8615608675537 #Italy #studyinitaly #scholarshipsinitaly #freeeducation #freestudy #italianculture #italianlanguagestudy  #EveeducationConsultants #studyinItaly #Studymsinitaly #scholarships #FullyFundedScholarshipsinitaly #Fullyfundedscholarships







For updates follow the following page
“Do not be defined and controlled by whatever disorder you have. Know your limitations, but also know that limitations are there to be defied! Go out and do wha...tever you like in life and whatever is possible for you to do. Don’t be controlled by your genes” -Priya Malhotra, a thalassaemic The International Thalassaemia Day, celebrated annually on the 8th of May, is a commemoration day in honour of all patients with thalassaemia and their parents who have never lost hope for life, despite the burden of their disease. Blood Donor Society encourages patients who are fighting thalassaemia across the world. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS




Fasting is a shield; so when one of you is fasting he should neither indulge in obscene language nor should he raise his voice in anger. If someone attacks him or insults him, let him say: “I am fasting!”

No need to be blackmailed from monoplists. Go to METRO  and buy  KN95 as /350 for each mask.  Every one can buy 5 mask at 1 time
One stop solution for academic writing service:

This is Online Survey solely for my     🔍*RESEARCH PURPOSE.*🔍  It's my humble request to you to plz fill this form for a good purpose.  Your responses will be kept confidential. YOUR PARTICIPATION WILL BE HIGHLY APPRECIATED. Topic : *Anxiety* and *depression* in Healthcare Workers and Public during *COVID-19* 🤢Pandemic.... Thank You Very Much💫 https://docs.google.com/…/1Qtr5r1plN5R6w2UeKKW-z_kIVM9PWAIU…

When Ramadan enters, the gates of Paradise are opened, the gates of Hellfire are closed and the devils are chained.” (Al-Bukhari and Muslim)

Happy Ramazan Mubarak 2020 to all Muslim-e-Ummah , May this month brings happiness and love among muslims Aameen,may ALLAH forgive our sins and mistakes which hurts others,Aameen, may covid_19 disease finished from this world , Aameen, Stay blessed keep us in your prayers..
"The month of Ramadan in which was revealed the Qur'an, a guidance for mankind and clear proofs for the guidance and the criterion (between right and wrong)......." Surat al Baqara, 2:185. Ramadan is the holiest month, spent by Muslim fasting during the daylight hours from dawn to sunset. It is a month of blessings, the revelation of honesty, sincerity, self-discipline, and spirituality for Muslims. Blood Donor Society encourages all the Muslims to offer more prayers on this prestigious Islamic month of Ramzan. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe  #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS



Interest rates are one of the most important aspects of the economic system. They influence the cost of borrowing, the return on savings, and are an important component of the total return of many investments. For details check the link 👇 Don't forget to subscribe, share, like and comment your feedback and suggestions.  Thanks 




The study of conic sections is important not only for mathematics, physics, and astronomy, but also for a variety of engineering applications. Now learn about Conic Section( Analytic Geometry part 1) in a very very easy and interesting way ckik the link  👇. Don't forget to #subscribe , #share and #comment your suggestions and feedbacks for latest updates. 
Shaukat Khanum Memorial Hospital is in dire need of blood. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, their huge pool of donors has reduced significantly. Shaukat Khanum has... always deemed your safety its top most priority. The medical tests conducted on the donors would be absolutely free of cost. Let us all come together in battling this turbulent time, and let us donate the droplets of life!  Willing donors are kindly requested to fill this form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd1ijnInW6YRY-D1x…/viewform











 It aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any further. The public has been facing a tough time deciding for themselves how to counter the situation and chaos has been observed. The myths have been mixed with facts, and the public seems to be ignorant about what should be done next. The scope of this project is also to cover and analyze the sentiments of the public towards the issue and counter the myths





Dear Students, Please note that the online classes will continue as per the timetable. Kindly take care of your classes and be in close contact with your instru...ctors through google Classroom/ google meet. The details of policy decisions regarding the academic schedule of the current semester will be shared with you through email very soon.


Online Classes ki samj ati ha ya nai if have any issue then kindly write down also tick yes or no ... @Usama KhanUsama Khan Bilal Zumar Abbas Zulqar AbbasSaqlain Haider Saqlain Haider Faizan SaleemFaizan Saleem Talha MateenTalha Mateen











Corona ki update janny k liea 


University's like this little world, a bubble of time separate from everything before and everything after. To those 4 years we spent together, shared million of memories, from faces of year 1 till our Graduating Batch Days.  Lets Flashback.. - Batch 2013 - Fast Lahore


Bolo Bolo kon kon 4 GPA la leta....



The virus doesn't move, people move it. We stop moving, the virus stops, it dies, it's that simple. #SocialDistancing is the only way to keep safe - follow what is being said for yourself & others.
The virus doesn't move, people move it. We stop moving, the virus stops, it dies, it's that simple. #SocialDistancing is the only way to keep safe - follow what is being said for yourself & others.

Patriotism means owning your country, your motherland and feeling the sense of pride while representing it. It means to love your country without any limits. Ma...king it your only identity. Let's take precautions by staying home and keeping everyone around us safe to survive against Coronavirus. 
The virus doesn't move, people move it. We stop moving, the virus stops, it dies, it's that simple. #SocialDistancing is the only way to keep safe - follow what is being said for yourself & others.






Quarantine day #3 😭😭😭😭 I feel like being sick and isolated it looks like 🤣



 As per the directives of Govt. Lahore Campus will remain closed till 5th April 2020 for Students, Faculty & Staff. The University has pl...anned to conduct classes online. For which, you will receive an email from your HoD office containing all the details soon.  Students are requested to regularly check their university email for updates.














Buckle up guys! Team SOFTEC is coming to COMSATS to give you all an insight to Pakistan's biggest IT Extravaganza in collaboration with  Comsats Lahore ACM Stud...ent Chapter. So, be a part of our meet up and get all your queries answered! #SOFTEC #SOFTEC2020 #ITExtravaganza #CreateWhatMatters


We are proud to unveil the logo for JOB FAIR 2020. Career Counseling Society's annual Job Fair has evolved and grown over the years. And this year it's going to be even bigger and better. With this, we aim to present ourselves better and serve fellow FASTAINS in times to come. We hope you like this new look and feel the vibe. Because Job Fair 2020 is just around the corner!   Look out for more updates.









Join classes  Register yourself now to speed up your process to go abroad.🇨🇦🇬🇧🇺🇸🇦🇺🇪🇺 Book your slot today!  http://thestudybits.com/register-for-ielts/ *WhatsApp*: https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=923314735635 Location: 📌 *The Studybits office* @295-Hunza Block Allama Iqbal Town Lahore https://maps.app.goo.gl/9fzF34oSFnQJHUsW6 Web: *www.thestudybits.com* Email: *ielts@thestudybits.com* *#TheStudybits* *#IELTS* *#LearnwithAtif*



At FAST NUCES Lahore we evolve Innovative minds into professionals. Our graduates outshine in their desired field of interests in top notch organizations. 





 So here's a story I never thought I'd be sharing. A stor...y I'm proud to call mine. Back in 2016, the 19 year old me with a bag full of dreams, cried. Cried because she worked immensely hard to secure a place in LUMS SDSB and despite getting in successfully, knew she wasn't going there. On 5th May 2016, as the payment deadline approached, she put a sticky note on her acceptance letter saying, "Dear LUMS,  You'll always be my one and only."  Today, the 23 year old me holds a different perspective.  Stepping into FAST took me 2 long years to absorb the change surrounding me. Despair and hopelessness would very often take over me, draining me of all my energy and motivation. In 2018, I finally decided to take a gap year and start all over but this time at LUMS. But before I could do that, I decided to explore. And THANK GOD I did!  During my last 2 years at FAST, I've had the most learned and exciting years of my life. Not that I haven't experienced moments of weakness, in the most critical times, in the most unexpected ways. I have, undoubtedly, faced massive downfalls but this place has never failed to pick me up. I have enjoyed immense opportunities and received tremendous appreciation and motivation from my instructors and peers, nourishing my ability to confide in myself and achieve goals I never knew I had the capacity for. (I know I did not get into Stanford but I'm sorry, my bubble of happiness carries nothing but little things.)  Few days back, I had the chance of visiting LUMS for the first time. I was more than happy to represent FAST there and bag in, for my institute, multiple awards along with the Overall Winner award (that too, with my very own FYP business idea!)  So you see, life does not always go as planned but that does not mean it's not going to go right. The 23 year old me is proud of where she stands and what she has. She's also thankful for her patchy past. Oh, I am glad to be from FAST!





We’re absolutely thrilled to share the success of FAST School of Management students who made us proud by winning the Aspiring Professional Summits’ 2020 compet...ition at LUMS on the 15th and 16th of February. What’s even more exciting is that teams from all over Pakistan had participated from various renowned business institutes but our brilliant and perceptive students of FAST NUCES attained the aggregate first position in the event. We are warmed by the dedication and hard work FSM put into this event and proved the diligence of our faculty members and themselves. We pray for more ultimate success for students at FAST-NUCES.




Fast University Win the prize ......
FAST NUCES Lahore has invited team E-Rozgaar Program for a session on Training Program 2020. PITB has started an initiative by the name of e-rozgar (https://www....erozgaar.pitb.gov.pk/) which provides students 3 months free of cost training to polish their skills and earn from the international market. This training is provided in centers set up all over Lahore.  This session will provide more details on this program and how you can apply for it.   Day & Date: Tuesday, February 18, 2020 Time: 11 AM to 12 PM Venue: Old Auditorium 

 *The Studybits* 🎓💡✨ *WhatsApp*:  M Hasnain Zaigham  03014444980 03314735635  office @295-Hunza Block Allam


M HASNAIN ZAIGHAM  2: *Meet us in Lahore and get your case processed in Canada* 🇨🇦 5: *A Canadian qualified & Cambridge University Certified teacher for IELTS preparation*. 🏆🎓 *WhatsApp*: https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=923314735635 Location: 📌 The Studybits office @295-Hunza Block Allama Iqbal Town Lahore Web: www.thestudybits.com  Email: info@thestudybits.com




The science project 🔥🔥🔥 ironman



 #fatimagroup #recruitmentdrive2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Lahore #empowertolead #E2L2020 #MBA #BSCS
Attention Attention Attention !!! 💡 HERE COMES A NEW ANNOUNCEMENT ✨ The Studybits has STARTED working as an Education/Immigration Consultancy Firm in collaborat...ion with top-ranked Institutions around the globe 🇦🇺 - 🇨🇦 - 🇬🇧 - 🇺🇸 Visit our website and official page for EXCITING OFFERS :✈🎗🏆🎓 FREE COUNSELLING FOR ALL OVERSEAS EDUCATION ADMISSIONS IN 2020 INTAKE !!!💻 Career Counselling :: Student Visa Services :: Immigration visa Services 📚🎓✈✨ WhatsApp: https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=923314735635 Location: 📌 The Studybits office @295-Hunza Block Allama Iqbal Town Lahore https://maps.app.goo.gl/9fzF34oSFnQJHUsW6  🔎Web: www.thestudybits.com 📧Email: info@thestudybits.com #TheStudybits #IELTS #LearnwithAtif #Thestudybitsoverseas
 #fatimagroup #recruitmentdrive2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Lahore #empowertolead #E2L2020 #MBA #BSCS
JTS Hostel  Best Hostel for students. VIP Furnished Rooms with Sharing option.

IT doing work properly..... 😑😑
















 https://forms.gle/dvdFfuU1gg8r52QE8 You might need to sharpen your Chess tactics and strategy and work on your positions because Geek Week is coming back with the biggest Chess tournament in Lahore. ... So, do you think you have what it takes to checkmate every opponent in the tournament? Do you think you can En passant your way to victory? Or do you think you are a Pakistani Bobby Fischer? If yes, then come to Geek Week '20 and prove it! Keep following Geek Week for more details!




Fast ma parhai ka ka asar ......




Even after having created wonders in the fields of Science and Technology, our society has failed miserably in making minorities and women feel protected and co...mfortable. We are no less than a tormentor ourselves if we make no endeavour on our part to change this thought process.  With this very intellect, FAST Care intends to bring light to this serious matter and play its role. Thus, proudly presenting to you all the topic for #CareForAll2019-20 that is Social Welfare. So, be a part of this inevitable discussion to get others' perspective and share yours.  Besides all the seriousness, there is an arrangement for entertainment too to get the mood light. You guessed it right, a concert by FMS!  Don't miss it guys because as per norm, the concert will be rocking as ever. Join us this #CareForAll2019-20 and have an experience of a lifetime because we all need learning and we all need change. If not for ourselves come for others because caring for others is the essence of mankind! Register through the link below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd1pVOw7jo7pBGYV…/viewform…

Assalam-o-Alaikum Staff Required Immediately Male and Female Matric to Master Only Limited seats... Full Time, Part Time Contact:- WhatsApp: 0347- 2971192 Phone No: 0311- 4636210
FAST Lahore Campus is ready to welcome back it's students. The Spring 2020 semester is going to start from the next working day, i.e. Monday 20th January.

























Fast ........





























































































When u feel NFAK by heart.










































 -------------------------------------------------------- IMPORTANT DETAILS:  >FIRST COME FIRST SERVE BASIS >1500 ADVANCE PAYMENT FOR CONFIRMATION OF YOUR BOOKING >ON SPOT AT THE TIME OF DEPARTURE ADVANCE PAYMENT IS NOT RECEIVABLE  ----------------------------------------------------------


























































Girls hostel  near G-10 /1 G-10/2 I-9/1 Facilities 3 days free residential WiFi Study room... Quality food Attached washrooms Separate kitchen for student cooking Geyser 24 hour Hygienic and healthy meals Gym in hostel Free pick and drop


 -------------------------------------------------------- IMPORTANT DETAILS:  >FIRST COME FIRST SERVE BASIS >1500 ADVANCE PAYMENT FOR CONFIRMATION OF YOUR BOOKING >ON SPOT AT THE TIME OF DEPARTURE ADVANCE PAYMENT IS NOT RECEIVABLE  ----------------------------------------------------------










IT HAS ALL COME DOWN TO THIS!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 SEE YOU ALL TOMORROW AT HOMECOMING 2020!
 Homecoming is just around the corner and excitement is at its peak! After all, nothing matches reliving old times with friends, singing songs we'v...e grown up listening. But wait, do you have the passes for the iconic Abrar Ul Haq concert tomorrow? Or are you already missing out on it? Cause just don't!



Winner of our Last competition is Mr Sa'ad Bén Saeed of batch 2007. Saad graduated in 2014 and scored a total of 50 ‘F’s. The purpose of this competition was to... show that FAST has given us good and bad memories but with all those horrible and the cherish-able times FAST will remain a Home to all of us. Saad is currently working in DHS arabia as PMO. he kept resilient amidst all those failures at FAST. If he didn’t give up, Whats your EXCUSE?


JTS Hostel  Best Hostel for students. VIP Furnished Rooms with Sharing option.

Join our #Next #CSWIP 3.1 #welding Inspector #Course for 2020 #Schedule  #booking and #details  Please #contact : @0333 6272515 @0331 7472535













DECS brings to you another stupendous destination in its Annual Tour. This spot will solely give you a breathtaking glimpse of the sculptures in Pakistan. We ar...e pleased to present to you, the artistic fort in Hunza; the BALTIT FORT.









Special Innovative Design by Fast University Businesses Student's.... 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 Komayl Jaffery is it right ?

























Time still #available for you to #book onto the #inspection course #CSWIP 3.1 welding #inspector course starting from 12 #December 2019 in #Taxila #Pakistan  Fo...r #more detail please contact  ☎️ Call & whatsapp   +92 3336272515 📱 Whatsapp:  + 92 3317472535
TAMAM FRIENDS KO BOHAT MISS KIEA MA NA😁😁😁😁😁

If you didn’t find any job you have a chance to earn money we are looking for call center Agents No interview fee and no Training charges Lucrative salary and incentive packages, depends upon candidate’s interview and performance For Further Details: Contact Hr manager 03164418356 hratriumsolutions@gmail.com

Asking Muslims money for Hindu Mandir


 Male and female both can apply. Everyone can apply hr@atriumsolution.com


If you didn’t find any job you have a chance to earn money we are looking for call center Agents No interview fee and no Training charges Lucrative salary and incentive packages, depends upon candidate’s interview and performance For Further Details: Contact Hr manager 03164418356 hratriumsolutions@gmail.com








#CSWIP 3.1 #Course starting from 9 #December 2019 in #Taxila Pakistan  #CSWIP 3.1 #Welding Inspector #Course is the first step in getting into the #quality_cont...rol field.  #For booking & detail please get in touch with us
You can subscribe YouTube channel for latest video. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV1zFq6VxlxfnqTkyoqBNIQ بعض اوقات اچھو  (Foreign Body Airway Obstruction)  ...نوجوان لوگوں کے لیے بھی جان لیوا ہو سکتا ھے۔ 
WebEye is very grateful to you people.#Thank_You for giving your love in form of #likes.Thank u for supporting us. #Keep_Sharing #Keep_supporting #WebEye_T_Solu...tions #Crystallize_Your_dreams #Your_Own_Business_Partner


If you may have any plan for #attending #CSWIP 3.1 #welding inspection #course #according to your career #development, don't miss next schedule on 9 #December 2...019 in #Taxila Pakistan  To book / enquire the #training please contact us via ☎️ whatsapp:+92 3317472535 📞 call + 92 3336272515 💻 Message via Facebook.
The WebMasters has arranged a workshop to assign you a project for HTML and CSS that you will complete in your semster break in order to become a part of our development teams...  #designdevelopdeploy
 DECS promises to entertain all the batches and to give some lasting memori...es to the seniors; guaranteeing to make you all visit heavenly and ravishing northern areas of Pakistan. Here's a complete viable detailed package for you all. Our facilities and services will surely leave no doubt to regret! To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
 To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
DECS brings a chance for everyone to create a reel of memories which will engrave in their minds; an adventure of unforgettable places. The second set of travel... series will start from the Valley of Swat to the Ushu forest, passing by the pristine Mohodand Lake, Malam Jabba and ending on the mesmerizing greenery of Nathia Gali; one of the most anticipated sites in Pakistan.  Join us as we embark on making memories and moments to cherish! Don't forget to be a part of it.
 This time around, DECS is giving you a chance to explore the unique and c...aptivating culture of Pakistan, as we bring to you the Annual Tour 2020! We will start off our journey from the awestriking Rakapushi viewpoint to the mesmerizing valley of Hunza. You'll also witness the beauty of Attabaad Lake, Gilgit and finally end our exciting journey on Nanga Parbat viewpoint.
Special 1 Day Tour To Muskhpuri Top and Dinner at Monal Islamabad 08 Decemder, 2019. Contact No: 03247700325 || 0301-5448641 TOUR DETAILS Its Open Invitat:ion To All, Any One Can Join Us On Our Trip... #Females, #Families, #Bachelors, #Couples, #Students, All Are Invited To Join Us: TRIP COST Package Cost : Rs 4000/- Per Head. Attractions Mushkpuri Top Monal SERVICES INCLUDED Travel Through Private Air Conditioned Vehicle. (Saloon Coaster if 18-20 Persons) (Grand Cabin if 11-13 Persons) Basic first aid kit. All tolls and taxes SERVICES NOT INCLUDED Personal Clothing Entry Tickets Insurance liability medical aid, and helicopter rescue coverage. Anything thing other than mentioned above in “Cost Include” area is not included in cost ----------------------------------------------------------------------- CANCELLATION POLICY --- 7 days before the departure, 50% deduction. --- 3 days before the departure, 75% deduction. --- Less than 3 days before the departure, 100% deduction. ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Day-00 • Departure from PSO Pump, Multan Road, Near Daewoo Terminal, Thokar Niaz Baig  Lahore: at 11:00 Pm. 07 December Day-01 • Breakfast @ Donga Gali @7:30am. • Start Hiking to Summit Greenery Mushkpuri Peak @8:30am • Reach at Mushkpuri Top explore the magnificent views from peak. • Back to Donga Gali. • Drive towards Islamabad for Dinner @ 5:30pm • Drive back to Lahore @ 7:30pm after Dinner. • Arrival at Lahore @ 11:30pm ----------------------------------------------------------------------- MODE OF PAYMENTS: > 50% Advance > 50% At time of Departure
The HOD of humanities department, Ma’am Sumaira Sarfraz  invites you all to the HomeComing’20 by using a beautiful phrase. ‘Aaja pardesiya, Wasta ee pyar da’  #DilAwazanMaarda #homecoming2020 #WelcomeBack #FastAwaitsYouAll
"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I may learn." And this is precisely why The WebMasters has arranged a project for HTML and CSS after the highly successful workshop.  Be punctual... #designdevelopdeploy

The timer is ticking and the count increasing. 235 enthusiastic trainees have currently joined the WebMasters. So hurry up learners, complete your assigned proj...ects (will be assigned to you soon) and get the opportunity to be promoted to our front end, back end, and mobile app development teams! #designdevelopdeploy




University's like this little world, a bubble of time separate from everything before and everything after. To those 4 years we spent together, shared million of memories, from faces of year 1 till our Graduating Batch Days.  Lets Flashback.. - Batch 2013 - Fast Lahore

 To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20


CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy
CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy
WebEye wants to say #Thank_You to his customers and followers. Thank you for giving us this immense love and support. #WebEyeTSolutions #Crystallize_Your_Dreams #Your_Own_Business_Partner
If you have missed our registration period then do not worry you may still become a learner at The WebMasters and gain web development skills. We will teach you... and help you in implementing all the main concepts of web development in duration of workshops so join us and become a web developer . Registration Link: https://forms.gle/g9fxemgjw7WoH7pc8
𝐖𝐚𝐧𝐧𝐚 𝐁𝐞𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐞 𝐀𝐧 𝐈𝐓 𝐄𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐭? 𝐆𝐒 𝐓𝐫𝐚𝐢𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬 is offering IT courses from scratch. Get trained in different courses to compete the IT market as a professional. Get yo...urself registered in: • 𝐈𝐎𝐒 𝐃𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥𝐨𝐩𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 • 𝐀𝐧𝐝𝐫𝐨𝐢𝐝 𝐃𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥𝐨𝐩𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 • 𝐆𝐫𝐚𝐩𝐡𝐢𝐜 𝐃𝐞𝐬𝐢𝐠𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 • 𝐖𝐞𝐛 𝐃𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥𝐨𝐩𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 • 𝐐𝐮𝐚𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐀𝐬𝐬𝐮𝐫𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 • 𝐒𝐄𝐎 / 𝐃𝐢𝐠𝐢𝐭𝐚𝐥 𝐌𝐚𝐫𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 • 𝐒𝐨𝐜𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐌𝐞𝐝𝐢𝐚 𝐌𝐚𝐫𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 • 𝐖𝐨𝐫𝐝𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐬 • 𝐀𝐧𝐠𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐫 𝐉𝐒 We will also entertain students in their 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐘𝐞𝐚𝐫 𝐏𝐫𝐨𝐣𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐬. Limited seats available in this session starting from 22-November-2019. To apply call us now 03069261629

LEARN GERMAN  WITH AAMIR RAFIQUE LEVEL A1  ON YOUTUBE FREE Level A1& Exam Preparation of Goethe- Zertifikat A1 in Urdu with Prof.Aamir Rafique ( Dipl Oec.Univ Germany/ GDS Germany/ C2+, Assistant Professor German Language.... Face book & Twitter: Learn German with Aamir Rafique YouTube Channel:  Learn German with Aamir Rafique Please like and subscribe our channel

Wants To Globalize Your Business.!!! Wants To Double Your Sales.!!! #WebEye has the Best (Marketing & Advertisement) Services. For Contact :  +923027009888... +923126071888  #WebEyeTSolutions #Crystallize_Your_Dreams #Your_Own_Business_Partner

The WebMasters have arranged another workshop for students on HTML and CSS having the same content explained in the workshop 1 so do not miss this opportunity again.... Hope to see you all.... #designdevelopdeploy



And the wait is finally over! The WebMasters provides you the chance, as promised, to achieve higher. We have arranged a workshop about HTML and CSS. HTML and C...SS are used to design web pages and learning it will benefit you, both in your studies,  and also in your professional life. Be sure to attend the workshop along with your friends. Like a wise man once said, " Be sure to sieze the chance, because good things don't come twice." #DesignDevelopDeploy


LEARN GERMAN  WITH AAMIR RAFIQUE LEVEL A1  ON YOUTUBE FREE Level A1& Exam Preparation of Goethe- Zertifikat A1 in Urdu with Prof.Aamir Rafique ( Dipl Oec.Univ Germany/ GDS Germany/ C2+, Assistant Professor German Language.... Face book & Twitter: Learn German with Aamir Rafique YouTube Channel:  Learn German with Aamir Rafique Please like and subscribe our channel

It's time to show off your skills and strategy in this combat to the top of the thrilling and ever-changing gameplay! Feel the adrenaline pumping through you as you fight against friends and foes in an addictive and intense gameplay.

JTS Hostel  Bahria Town Lahore. Best Hostel for students. And Visitors /Tourist Can get Executive Furnish Room on daily Basis. VIP Furnished Rooms with Sharing or Independent options are also Available.
Asslam.o Alikum I have a good deal for you if you done this deal your business is 100% grow INSHALLAH E hamara pass ik software hy e iske demo vedio hy  Life time licence per mily ga  Our software live demo method is present ... 03139184544 It's my WhatsApp number




Offer spoken English classes, limited seats are available, for admission and information please contact us. 0333-4977131
 The Grand Debate brings you an opportunity to spill out the lava of your optimism with the skilled and enthusiastic opponents out there. TLC is not only empowering a chance to brace the potential of your voice into a constructive change to bring in the environment, but also to embrace in yourselves too..
LEARN GERMAN LEVEL A1 ON YOUTUBE FREE Level A1& Exam Preparation of Goethe- Zertifikat A1 in Urdu with Prof.Aamir Rafique ( Dipl Oec.Univ Germany/ GDS Germany/ C2+, Assistant Professor German Language. Face book: ... Learn German with Aamir Rafique YouTube Channel:  Learn German with Aamir Rafique Please like and subscribe our channel
To enlighten your mind with astounding ideas and experience an environment so refreshing that provokes your mind and soul to entrance not only themselves, but o...nlookers as well; The Grand Debate fully serves its purpose to make the day as memorable as possible.  Hurry up debaters for the time is now to voice yourself, make an impact and let the audience reflect your energy. The date is set for 21st, November for this prestigious event. Let the countdown begin!
Interesting students come inbox in WhatsApp  03139184544 Part time online job offer  Salary 10000 monthly  Online serious students send short Cv... 03139183444 Come only interested students  Send me  Name  City name  Education  Age Details
 TLC would like to appreci...ate these gems as the shining stars of this month, for their hard work and determination. We hope that these people serve as an inspiration for the rest of our members to strive to do even better.
JTS Hostel  Bahria Town Lahore. Best Hostel for students. And Visitors /Tourist Can get Executive Furnish Room on daily Basis. VIP Furnished Rooms with Sharing or Independent options are also Available.
 For this grand event, Team Grand Debate 2019 is looking fo...r candidates for the post of BRAND AMBASSADOR. Interested candidates for this position can apply by filling in the registration form from the link given below. Candidates having more influential status to bring in more applicants for the debate will be preferred for the post of Brand Ambassador. http://bit.ly/BrandAmbassador_TGD19

JTS Hostel  Bahria Town Lahore. Best Hostel for students. And Visitors /Tourist Can get Executive Furnish Room on daily Basis. VIP Furnished Rooms with Sharing or Independent options are also Available.
JTS Hostel  Bahria Town Lahore. Best Hostel for students. And Visitors /Tourist Can get Executive Furnish Room on daily Basis. VIP Furnished Rooms with Sharing or Independent options are also Available.
 Get yourself registered for The Grand Debate as a remarkable oratory experience is just one step away. Registerations open soon!
"We must speak our minds openly, debate our disagreements honestly, but always pursue solidarity" For good ideas and true innovation, you need human interaction..., conflict, argument, and debate. TLC has given its students the biggest chance this year to explore and speak up the ideas that have been heaped down in their minds and hearts through the biggest event of the year THE INTRA FAST PARLIAMENTARY DEBATE 2019. And after two days of an amazing session of informative debates, today our hearty congratulations go to the winner Team D(Neha, Mustafa, Usama) for the wonderful efforts that they have made towards this two-day journey along with this team TLC would also like to congratulate the runner-up team GulBakaoli(Zeerak, Efshal, Wusutullah) who faced the winner team in the final face of, but could not make it. 
 In the qualifying rounds many teams embarked... on an oratory journey of zealous debates, vigorous competition and eminent learning. The journey proved to be a gruelling one and only the crème de la crème could transition onto the next stage. However, it would be erroneous to call those who were not successful, the losers. If truth be told, they lost nothing and gained excellent guidance, skills and the confidence to improve their performance for the many more debates to come.  The vibrant competition was held among these teams: The competition ended on a high note as the last round of the day was also declared by our esteemed judges as the ‘Most Heated Round of the Day’. The topic was a precarious one: “Genocide in Kashmir” but both teams managed to keep it spirited and productive. Throughout the competition many ideas, opinions and stances were passionately exchanged and put forward each one worthy to aknowledge and applaud. 

 Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC
Our voice is a knack given to us so that we can utilize it for noble purposes. Does the dream of people listening to your voice ever surpass your mind?  Well, T...LC gives you the chance of fulfilling your dream on the platform of Intra FAST Parliamentary Debating Competition. The competition has no restrictions and it's open for all. Registrations are live, so if you don't want to miss out, register as soon as possible. Stay tuned for updates. Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC #spillyourskill
Interesting students come inbox in WhatsApp  03139184544 Part time online job offer  Salary 10000 monthly  Online serious students send short Cv... 03139183444 Come only interested students  Send me  Name  City name  Education  Age Details And comment WhatsApp number Age 16 _20 only

Looking for a job and career in engineering ?! check out career 360 helping new and/or experienced engineers find a career in their respective fields,










If only I could turn back time..  P. S. STILL GET GOOSEBUMPS ♥🔥





What is the process for swapping with somebody from lahore to faislabad if both students have agreed?










JTS Hostel  Best Hostel for students. VIP Furnished Rooms with Sharing option.

Sahir Ali Bagga will be Live at Air University in AirTech'19 on 5th October. Get your tickets as soon as possible. For tickets contact Faseeh Ahmad 0312 1881996...  Sardar Usama Sabir 0312 9825614 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity

 •Qualification required: Matric to Master •Interview is must compulsory for Both Home based and Office based •Only serious candidates contact us via Wahtsapp (No OLX Chat)
Say Hello to this year's CCS Team










  - Foster Learning & Development in fields of    Engineering, Computer, & Management    Sciences and Digital Marketing.  - Develop a skill-set among students to     facilitate them in the job-market upon     successful completion of degrees. Redox Services & Solutions is a team of industry professionals aspiring aspiring to join hands with academic researchers & professors for knowledge sharing to aid technological advancements and management sciences practices and applications.  #RedoxServicesSolutions #Students #Skills #learning #development #trainings #managementsciences #digital #marketing #computers #engineering #MaxFoster #MaxFosterGlobal






 Matlab har saal ke sath ratio kam hota jaraha hai. Yeh kya horaha hai bhai? Who's to blame? Excessive social media usage? Corruption in examinations? Disinterest of students in exams and academics? Har saal kami horahi hai bacho ke passing ratio main?
#justforfun #uaeuptodate


Who's watching IT Chapter Two tonight?







Please plant trees and give them water. Play your part for our better future.




Registration Fee Details along with Max. Members  For AirTech'19  Registration will be opened soon BRACE YOURSELVES AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #T...echForLife  #AirUniversity









BRACE YOURSELVES!!! AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Event Poster for AirTech’19  Registration will be opened soon AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife ... #AirUniversity












Event Poster for AirTech’19  Registration will be opened soon AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife ... #AirUniversity







Let ur teachers and love once know that u have respect, love and feelings for them.
Gift/Giveaway Backings. Express your feelings in artistic way. Call us 03345541633





Orientation of BS(CS) Fast National university of computer and emerging ....
Due to immense response, Registration date has been extended till 15th August 2019. So hurry up and get yourself registered. Register Via: https://forms.gle/gkQ...UF2iZJfaJksKP8 AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity




Ambassador's call for AirTech’19 !! Hurry up and get yourself registered  Last date to register is 10th August 1 day left! Register Via: https://forms.gle/gkQUF...2iZJfaJksKP8 AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Ambassador's call for AirTech’19 !! Hurry up and get yourself registered  Last date to register is 10th August 2 days left! Register Via: https://forms.gle/gkQU...F2iZJfaJksKP8 AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Ambassador's call for AirTech’19 !! Hurry up and get yourself registered  Last date to register is 10th August 2 days left! Register Via: https://forms.gle/gkQU...F2iZJfaJksKP8 AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Ambassador's call for AirTech’19 !! Hurry up and get yourself registered  Last date to register is 10th August 2 days left! Register Via: https://forms.gle/gkQU...F2iZJfaJksKP8 AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Ambassador's call for AirTech’19 !! Hurry up and get yourself registered  Last date to register is 10th August 2 days left! Register Via: https://forms.gle/gkQU...F2iZJfaJksKP8 AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Ambassador's call for AirTech’19 !! Hurry up and get yourself registered  Last date to register is 10th August 2 days left! Register Via: https://forms.gle/gkQU...F2iZJfaJksKP8 AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Ambassador's call for AirTech’19 !! Hurry up and get yourself registered  Last date to register is 10th August 3 days left! Register Via: https://forms.gle/gkQU...F2iZJfaJksKP8 AIRTECH'19 : OCT 4-6,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity






Hye beautiful people I want some engergtic people who want to work from  ND change there life style without any Investment people who r interested let me knw













 Please note that the Deadline for all programs at FAST NUCES Lahore has been extended till 8th July 2019.



Question and Answer Session for Admissions 2019 of FAST NUCES Lahore Campus with Mr. Saif Ullah (Manager Academics) For further queries email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk or call at 042 111 128 128
Question and Answer Session for Admissions 2019 of FAST NUCES Lahore Campus with Mr. Saif Ullah (Manager Academics) For further queries email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk or call at 042 111 128 128
FAST School of Management puts forward a platform for learning, discovery, innovation, expression, and discourse that leads towards the attainment of carrier go...als.  To Apply Now Online, click: http://bit.ly/FASTNUApplyNow  For more information, visit: www.nu.edu.pk For queries Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk or call 042-111-128-128

























 Director: Muhammad Murtaza Alizai & Ziad Azad Associate Director: Ammar Alee Danish Writer: Ali Abbas Naqvi & Basit Masood Naqvi D.o. P: Farhan Silver Post Production: Kamran Shahnawaz Associate Producer: Ammar Alee Danish Production Designer: Muhammad Baber 1st AD : Ubaid Aamir Temuri 2nd AD : Syeda Maryam Creative Design: Ashraf Khan Asst. Art Director: Rahim Bhojani Production Head: Shahrukh Tasneem Line Producer: Umair Wakeel Cast: Beo Zafar  Saad Zameer Fareedi Waqqas Khan  Imran Rizvi Ali Abbas Naqvi
 Director : Arbab Hussain Associate Director: Ammar Alee Danish  D.o.P : Farhan Silver Writer : Ali Abbas Naqvi Associate Producer: Ammar Alee Danish  Post Production: Kamran Shahnawaz AD : Ubaid Aamir Temuri Line Producer : Umair Wakeel Qasim (QB) Sound recordist: Arsalan Haider 




Admissions Open at FAST NUCES Lahore campus, Make your journey hassle free by becoming a part of this prestigious institution. Where we ensure that you go over and beyond in your desired career paths. Apply now on our website: http://bit.ly/2YZzoSR For more information, visit FAST NUCES Lahore campus or call 042-111-128-128.




 Data science is an emerging field which is receiving immense attention in the World of business. In 2021 it's been said that a data scientist will be the highest paying person. TSC look forward and prepare students for future World so we are again conducting Data Science course on huge request. It's our 4th batch. Get yourself registered now. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSePdOyEnJUjN20CQ…/viewform…
 Data science is an emerging field which is receiving immense attention in the World of business. In 2021 it's been said that a data scientist will be the highest paying person. TSC look forward and prepare students for future World so we are again conducting Data Science course on huge request. It's our 4th batch. Get yourself registered now. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSePdOyEnJUjN20CQ…/viewform…

“An investment in knowledge pays the best interest” this Friday meet our numbers guy Syed Asad and learn a thing or two about trade finance and commercial banking. He would be interacting with us through Skype so don’t miss out on this huge opportunity






















Finance Accountant Position – QATAR An accountant who is having a high abil...ity and experience to build up our account/finance dept. (chart of account, SAP account system experience, payable, receivable, cash flow, petty cash, bank reconciliation, inventory etc. Resumes without GCC experience will not be considered.  Interested candidate can share their Resumes / References to prashanth.ravipati@dulsco.com











Anyone Interested in Faysal Bank MTO program plz contact ASAP. Walk in interviews on Wednesday at 11am. Age Limit 26. MBA Finance, BBA, BSAF from FAST university. Min CGPA 3.0
























Insan ki zindagi ma bohat c taklefyen or mushkalat ati hain jo k hemasha k liea nahi hotin ya hamari zindagi ka aik chota sa hissab hoti hain hamyen k liea Nai ...hoti ALLAH pa yakeen Kar k usy tasleem Kar k agye bhrna chiea q k ZINDAGI khatam nai hoi baqi ha khushian b ati hain har andery k bad ujala hota ha ...... ALLAH sab k liea asanian pada kary or asanian pada karny ki tofeeq da Ameen.

























Agr kisi ko Lahore Main kisi Ko Blood Ki zrurt ho to In Numbers py contect kry Please share this..... Updated List of Blood Donors of Lahore, Pakistan............ Blood Group A (Positive) Sr. No Name & Number Blood Group Contact Number...
Agar kisi ko emergency blood ki zarorat ho to en numbro pay rabta karay 03037291597*O+ 03224664551*A- 03012226886*A+ 03354917428*A+... 03224233416*A+ 03224280633*O- 0324786111*A+ 0324786111*O- 03334599345*A+ 03324635437*A+ 03234646964*AB+ 03014060483*O- 03237408916*B+ 03224173786*B+ 03214881499*A+ 03405044744*A+                   03315519033*O+ 03404198871*A+ 03367044081*b+ 03376207548*b+ 03055310811*B+ 03153932935*B+ 03360822050*B+ 03422854012*B+ 03097902717*0+ 03137822547*B+ 03328794032*B+ 03401332127*AB+ 03055310811*B+ 03054532257*O+ 03043066366*B+ 03074022702*B+ 03024348867 *A- Apka 1 msg forword karnay say kisi ki jan bach sakti






Zarar Tahir Latif Yousaf Junaid Farid Muhammad Mohteshim Ashraf Nadeem Chaudhary Mohsin Saif Khan

























Orientation Croude in Fast University Lahore Campus







Post
Asalamu alykum. I wanted to ask that what is the admission criteria in FAST like how much % (of matric, HSSC, entry test) do they consider for admission? On website, the criteria is written but it's written according to the COVID-19 situation. Please guide. JazakAllah khair
We required experienced  marketing male female staff for our office. Salary + rebete office timing 10am to 6pm


 Requirements: - 2 to 6 Years of FullStack Experience - Building interactive consumer data from multiple systems and RESTfully abstract to the UI through a Node.js backend... - Define code architecture decisions to support a high-performance and scalable product with a minimal footprint - Experience implementing applications using Angular 1 or React - Experience creating front end applications using HTML5, Angular, LESS/SASS - Collaborate well with engineers, researchers, and data implementation specialists to design and create advanced, elegant and efficient systems

 For apply online click here: https://www.joinpaknavy.gov.pk/candidate/registration/
 #Callcenter #callcenterjob #Lahorejobs #getjobsinlahore #getjobs #jobs #telemarketing #jobincallcenter #homebasedjobs

Merafuture is looking for a Web Developer for its Islamabad Office. Required Education: Education in Computer Sciences or related disciplines Required Skills: Front and back end development especially PHP, Web deployable Python API programming skills Required Experience: 1-2 Years Location: Islamabad/Rawalpindi. Interviews next week.... Apply @  
Merafuture is looking for a Web Developer for its Islamabad Office. Education/Diploma in Computer Sciences or related disciplines Required Skills: Front and back end development,  Web deployable Python API programming skills, Knowledge of web programming especially PHP Required Experience: 1-2 Years Location: Islamabad/Rawalpindi... Apply at  https://forms.gle/HafveC8x17cd3RTA6
Computer science from fast islamabad campus..or Civil, electrical or chemical engineering from nust main campus..or.. Mechanical engineering from EME.. Which one is better.. Irrespective of interest..

#National_Logistics_Cell_NLC_Karachi_Rawalpindi_Lahore_Jobs_September_2020


 Online registration for Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) is open 01 October to 30 October.
What are the  requriements to take admission in computer science department for international students. How much SAT score needed? If anyone has information regarding admission for  international student .plz let me know.

 #Callcenter #callcenterjob #Lahorejobs #getjobsinlahore #getjobs #jobs #telemarketing #jobincallcenter #homebasedjobs

Hi plz tell me books for bba of FAST isb
Those who've confirmed their admission in FAST isl for BSCS, dm me ill add you to a whatsapp group where we'll be interacting with eachother and will resolve eachothers queries.


Join here BSCS students BSSE 👇👇👇👇👇👇  Follow this link to join my WhatsApp group (CS Innovators ❤️🖤👨‍🎓) https://chat.whatsapp.com/GVzE9BqoE010xAUfaaUSg8
Nust se cs/se or fast se AI kro feeling confused Need serious suggestion 🙂



Aoa Girls who are enrolled in BSCS ISL campus dm me to join WhatsApp group. (Freshies only) Edit: there seems to be an issue with my messenger option, here is link to message on: https://m.me/sarah.noor.790

BS (SE) 2020 Tell your sections. Mine R!
 1.  I have got admission in FAST  BSCS . I want to learn a programming language, which one should I learn (Please give reason). 2. Does FAST provide any fee concession to the students who secure top 5 or 10 position in a semester?
Can i request for section change? are they lenient about it?

Aj Fast K Cafe Mai Itna Rush Dekh Kar Corona Preshan Hogya K Mjse To Koi Darta Nahe 😂



Assalam o Alaikum ... koi mujy in uni k about info dein please ... yahan BSCS k liye maths prhna zarori hota ... and fee bhi btain BSCS ki??
Aoa everyone please tell me bba ke students 8 baje jaein ge?bcz timing aur section ki koi mail issue nhi hoi




For attending orientation, we have to report to the university at 8:00 AM or 12:00 PM?



Salaam! New comers of BS(AI) of Fast ISB, dm me , I'll add you in whatsapp group.


BS computer science Islamabad campus ki orientation kab ha..??  Anyone know about it..

BS Computer science Islamabad campus ki orientation kab ha..??
Awaiting result ka kiya seen hay result tw 17 sep ko ana??
Anyone of bs engineering programs receive section mail??
As the result of intermediate will be announced On 17 September by Government then why 16th is the date of result submission. Anyone knows what it is??
I got admission in BS (EE) in fast islamabad . Can anyone tell me about the elect engineering of fast .beacuse i have not any other option.
Orientation kab ho gi fast ki ? Ksi ko koi mail ai ? (BsAI)
When will we receive email regarding course selection?

Any WhatsApp/messenger group for SE students?

Does anyone know the bus route of Fast Isb?
I got admission in FAST ISL (SE) but in today’s list my name also has appeared in ITU (CS) department... Its a tough choice between these...Am really confused..Can u guide me ?
I didn't find a single official page of fast nuces on any social media ! Even the official website is not so updated ,no information is shared till now regarding opening of campuses ... In short they need to made a official account for students portal
any fast fsd bscs students!!
Must have knowledge for Email marketing and lead generation tactics and tools
Anyone received the email from Fast of submission of marks of Math.????
Is there any hostel near fast Peshawar walking distance pe hi prr jaye sahi hai kindly tell me
 We are looking for a front-end developer to join our product team. You’ll be an exceptional problem solver and take responsible actions in ensuring the application is optimized both in technology and in delivering the best user experience. RESPONSIBILITIES: • Work closely with design, product management, and development teams to create elegant, usable, responsive, and interactive interfaces across multiple devices. • Turning UI/UX designs into prototypes, creating excellent interactions from designs, writing reusable content modules, and maintainability of the code. • Implement UI development principles to ensure that the product client-side serves at scale. • Review and optimize app usage by monitoring key metrics and rectifying the issues proactively. • An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment and bring in optimal flow for rapidly changing design/ technology. • Bachelors in computer science (BS-CS) REQUIREMENTS: • 3 years of relevant work experience as a web developer, UI developer, JavaScript expert, or front-end engineer • Sound knowledge in HTML and CSS • Familiar with UI layouts, SASS, Bootstrap, and the CSS GRID system • Proficient with JavaScript frameworks such as JQuery, Angular • Experience debugging using JavaScript-based tools like Chrome Developer Console • Passionate to create good design and usability • A team player with excellent communication skills • Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX • Basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. • Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that the application will adhere to them. • Experience in GIT ADDITIONAL SKILLSET: • Familiarity with tools such as Gimp or Photoshop is a plus. • Need a candidate who is enthusiastic about work and passionate about coding • Self-starter who takes initiative and is proactive • Excellent communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
Anyoen doing MS in CNS from islamabad?   Or any person who is graduated with this degree?
i belong to a middle class family and i went to elite class schools on scholarships and i was bullied for that, i am selected in FAST and just wanted to know if this class difference matters in Fast or other elite universites in general

Those who've confirmed their admission in FAST isl for BS-CS, leave your name here and dm me i'll add you to a whatsapp group where we'll be interacting with eachother and will resolve each others queries.
Anyone here who  will start MS ( mgt sciences)  in coming semester
Merafuture is looking for a Data Scientist/ AI Specialist for its Islamabad Office. Required Education: 16 Years of education in Computer Sciences or related disciplines Required Skills: Web deployable Python API programming skills Knowledge of web programming especially PHP... Required Experience: 1-2 Years  Location: Islamabad/Rawalpindi  The main responsibility of the AI specialist is to help company build innovative AI solutions for its products. He / She will be programming computers to test hypotheses in relation to how the human mind works, through cognitive simulation. The person will be required to analyse the gathered data in depth and develop efficient classification models so as to have a maximum predictability. 
Fast ki apni transport hai??Fast has its own transport??
When are classes starting for undergraduate freshmen? is 15th Sep official? Also, will there be any orientation??
Any board topper in this group who got Fast merit scholarship?
SE or CS from FAST (isb). VS SE or CS from NUST

Is it worth changing from SE to CS in Isb?

Any one got admission in BBA this year?



Kisi ka MS AI me adm hua h??
This week the new batch entered FAST-NU which will graduate in 2024. When I look back at my time at FAST, there were quite a few things I wish I had known on my first day at FAST. I created the following presentation for helping CS freshmen survive and thrive especially at FAST. Non-fastian CS freshmen will benefit too, but there might be some adjustments required. Kindly share among CS freshmen if you have any among your friends and family: 

Nutech Ya Bahria University 🤔 FoR #BSCS  Bahria mea Admission ho gya hea 31 August last date hea Nutech mea be Admission hnea kea chances Kafhi Bright han Ap mea so Jo in mea sea kse University mea phartea han Computer science department mea Plzz wo zaror Comment kar dn Sukria ❤️
Fast Peshawar kesi hai for BSCS kindly help me

 Apply online for (Stenotypist, DEO, UDC, LDC) click here: http://202.83.164.97/jobApplicationForm.php Download application form for (Driver, Naib qasid, Farash) click here:  http://mopa.gov.pk/SiteIm…/…/files/Proforma%2031-08-2020.pdf
plz need seriouse suggestion  fast or comsate which one is best for SE???
Anybody knows Fast Isl MBA classes timings??
Salaam fast m kis kis ko scholarship ya grant mila h
Anyone knows the timing for BS SE classes in NUCES ISB?
For CS which University is best Bahria or Air
Islamabad ka Kon Kon jiska Peshawar fast mein admission hoa
Nearest boys hostel for Fast islamabad. Koi batado bhai hyd se aana he kidr rullu ga me gareeb.
is waqt kasi universty ma BBA ya MBA kay admissions open hayn.

I’m eligible in Fast Fsd & Pshwr campus. Which one is better for BSCS? Need suggestions. And also tell me abt remaining seats in Fsd or Peshwr campus.
DISRUPT HUNGER Application Deadline: 14 September 2020 This year’s campaign challenges us to find bold solutions to fight hunger in the following priority areas: 1. COVID-19 emergency response 2. Local food security and market access for smallholder farmers... 3. Sustaining and creating livelihoods 4. Affordable, nutritious diets and awareness 5. Appropriate energy solutions along the food value chain


Is software engineering in fast isb approved by pec?
Campus transfer Karne k liye sirf  5000 dena hotay Hain yaa phr us k Saath test BHI dena hota hai please koi bataday Bhai meherbani hogi uski  (Is Saal campus transfer allow Nahi hai mujhe pata hai main next year ki waja se pooch Raha hn)
Fast ki fee refund 100% for new students 7sept tak hogi (1week from start of previous batches classes)  Ya phir 22 sept tak? (1 week from start of new batch classes)
Electrical or chemical engineering from pieas.. Or computer science from fast.. Which one is better..?? 🔥🔥

Which is better regarding scope job oppurunities and salary ? 

 Timing: Morning/Evening/Night Salary: Basic Salary+Commision+ Bonus Salary can be increase depend on candidate previous experience. Qualification: Matric, Inter, Bachelor & Master Students , Fresh candidates and experienced Candidates can apply. Regards: Miss Fari Mughal 03229714227 SMS/WhatsApp

Anyone MS CS or MS SE?
Anyone got admission in MS(CS) ???
Whats the closing merit for CS and SE in Fast ISB
Anyone selected in MS AI?
Everyone who is in accounting and finance department  (freshies) dm me your numbers i will add you in the WhatsApp group.
hostel vs flats which is better for fast faisalabad campus!! any suggestion
Is there anyone from BSDS??
Is it best to do  bs artificial intelligence from fast ? Is any  student available  who is currently doing bs artificial intelligence from fast? Scope of AI?
Assalam o Alikum, does anyone has selected for MS AI? Or anyone has applied for MS AI as first priority?
Any latest news about third merit list plzz koi cnfirm bata da third list ka bara ma??

🙏 Please ignoremat karna Mujhe Roll# mil chuka ha but Mene kisi waja se abhi tk  Father ki payslip aur bank statement nhi jama karwai.  Kia men jab classes start hongi tb jama karwa sakta hn?
Any senior from BSSE isb?
Who got and who intends to get admission in MSSE?
CS from Fast Islamabad or DS from Fast Lahore?? I mean is Fast Lahore better enough that i change my discipline for it?..plus I've heard fast Islamabad ki campus life Lahore sei kaafi behter hai...is that true?
A girl needs financial help in paying university fee those who want to help kindly inbox me
Anyone who got selected in MS Management Sciences...?? Or MS ki class timings kiya hain fast main...
Those who've confirmed their admission in FAST isl for BSAI, dm me ill add you to a whatsapp group where we'll be interacting with eachother and will resolve eachothers queries.

Anyone who got admision in bs ee at isl campus
Any chances of third merit list ??
Bhai fast uni ab 15 ko open ho g for new batch
What about transportation system of FAST Islamabad campus?
 Online Classes schedule EE (week 1) of Fall 2020 Semester is attached here for your kind information to be implemented from Monday 31 Aug to Friday 04 Sep, 2020. Please note your class timings as per given details.
Selected in SE but my first preference was C's. Any suggestions should I go for it or I should wait for comsats ??
Fast ki software engineering ki NCEAC ki degree hai k nahi?
People who got admitted to BSCS in Islamabad ... comment below ...
University kay jis din document aur fees jama karwai thi roll number waghira and fee confirmation dey di unhon ney Uskay baad uni ney aik dafa bhi contact nahi kia, either via text or by email I called them 2 weeks pehlay they said classes 15 ko start honi apki aur 15 sey aik week pehlay weekend apki orientation hogi University mein hi aur apko via mail inform kar dey gay Call kay hisaab sey 1 week bad orientation hay  Can anyone confirm whats the steps for new student or if anybody has received any email

New students ki 1sep saa online classes honi hy ka nhi?

Software engineering is a
Peshawar campus me kies kies ne fees pay kar di ha for Cs? 🤔 Let's meet some classmates :)
Kindly ye bata den k fast ki jo fee hai uss ki 2 installments hoskti hain kindly bata den agar Baat kroon uni jaa k

Koi bataye ke Fast fsb ch campus me hostel.nahe de rahe kya kerna agar kese ka be fsb campus me.howa hai???Can someone tell me that the hostel is in the campus in Fast Facebook. They are not giving what to do if anyone's Facebook campus. It has happened???
Which is better plzz guide  and which has more scope

Students who have secured their admission in BS CSDF at FAST Karachi Campus, kindly DM me. Thanks.
Bhai mana suna hai ka aj merit list lagna ka chance hai koi plz cnfirm bata sakta hai???Brother, I have heard that there is a chance to make a merit list today. Can someone please confirm???
 Should I go For CS or for SE in FAST ISB. Reason of asking is that SE is new this time however FAST is famous for its CS.. Should I consider CS over SE or should remain for SE?
My Brother got adm in SE in ISL campus ..i want him to do some course before joing the UNI...Can u tell me from which programming language he should begin with? So that it will be easier for him to pick up things in start
In which year FAST-NU ISB started offering SE ?and are they really good at it like Comsats ?

ASSALAM O ALYKUM  I want to ask a thing Is FAST FAISALABAD campus better or NUTECH?

Multiple opportunities for paid internship in IS Audit function at a financial institution in Islamabad.  This is an equal opportunity position and females CS graduates are encouraged to apply. The positions are Islamabad based, interested person can send the CV at: #paidinternships #equalopportunity #informationsecurity #isaca #auditing
During the academic year, performance based koi scholarship milti he?

How do I check my section ? I got selected in BS-CSDF after applying on SAT basis. The university only mailed me to come and receive the offer letter. Got an orientation timing change notif via SMS today but my section etc isn’t mentioned anywhere. No mails either
Has anyone got admission in BS Cybersecurity?
Fast Peshawar campus kassa h For bscs plz guide..

Fast islamabad saturday ko band hai ?
Any Info about Ms Data science Second List???
Accounting and finence ka bra ma koi bta skta kse field ha??
Fast may ab dobra admission open ho gy
I have been selected in fast ISLAMABAD campus in software engineering department.The due date to submit fees was 21 August.Can I submit the fees now and get admission?

Any chance if 3rd merit list in AI SE CS in Fast Isb ?
Salaam! Fast ke 2020 ke admission lene walo me se kisi ko koi mail ai k Classes kb start hongi?
Mai peshawar campus mai eligible aarha hun tou kiya mai admission krwaa skta hun BSCS mai
Bs computer science from fast islamabad or Bs Software engineering from comsat islambad. Any suugestions...
Bhai plzz cnfirm karka bata do 3rd merit list ka koi chance hai ??Brother please confirm and tell me if there is any chance of 3rd merit list??

Yar kal koi phone krle islamabad mai pooch le koi list ka ya seats ka mera tou phone hi nahi utha rahe
Have any info about MS AI n MS cyber security...?
I heard that this is the first time FAST is offering SE.. I needed a bit of advice.. As Comsats is also highly rated for their SE.. I Got admission in both Comsats and Fast in SE.. So i cannot decide where to go.. Can u walk me through the right way?


Anyone from BS AI?
Fast ki 3rd merit list ka koi chance hai ya nhi ??
Fast Isld ka AI achahai?
Fast Isl men classes 31aug se hen? And online hen ya normal routine?


Anyone from Abbottabad who got admission in Fast (isb campus)

Fast Islamabad mn winter aur fall donon mn admission khulte hn ya saal mn 1 dafa?
3rd list ka kiya pata chala hai kindly tell me
 Requirements: - Total Experience of 2 to 5 Years - Hands on Development with Flutter (Minimum 1 Year)... - Live projects on Flutter is must - Experience with other mobile development platforms
Kis kis na peshawar mai fee jma karwa dii ha for SE... Classmates??
MS Data Science from NUST or FAST? Which one is better and why. Confused 😥
BSCS or BSSE required from a reputable university. Fresh Graduates required with interest in development for Oracle NetSuite Cloud ERP.  Internship Period: 03 Months  Successful completion of NetSuite Training and Internship program may lead towards permanent employment.
Agar list lag rhi hai kal tou I guess 2 ya 3 percent tou drop hoga kyun aadhay tou comsats nikal jaarn ge or seats abhi hope so k bachi hui hain 400 seats  hain I guess SE ki
82.7 aggregate any chance in SE in 3rd merit list ISL campus? Kindly tell me

Anyone here who is expert in oracle database for theory and practical based SQL paid assignments. Confident and motivated persons who are interested in freelancing please do contact.  Regards.
CS student here: What programming language should I learn? I was studying vbn until now.
IS FAST FAISALABAD AND ISLAMABAD SAME OR DIFF
I got in Fast Isb for BS SE. Seniors, can you please suggest books or could share notes and guide me on this ?? I'd like to start studying /having an intro according to the Fast BS SE syllabus.
Is Bs(se) of fast Islamabad hec recognized?
I got admission in MSCS. But I'm confused like 'jasy behria uni ka mashour hay Kay wo Cgpa ni deti itna, tew kia FAST ka b kuxh Asa hi scene hay? Ya FAST me gpa sahi Ata hay? R Fast absolute marks deti ya relative marks?' kindly tell me.

Got admission in BS(SE). Fast na SE just recently introduce karwaya ha apni uni ma koi andaza ha kaisa ha fast isb ka software engineering program and faculty? Would you recommend it?
FAST ki financial aid and scholarship ka kis tarhan pata lagna and kesai apply karna us kai liye?
Any one know about third merit list...
I submitted my fee in BS (SE) in Islamabad campus. My aggregate is 87.52. Can I transfer from Islamabad campus to Lahore campus after 1st or 2nd semester? Because Islamabad is expensive for me.




I didn’t get Admission in CS ISB but I got Adm in SE .. I want honest advice ... As we all have heard how much value FAST has of CS but Does SE has the same value? I am confused..


Fast phastaye ga matric ko 50% weightage dy kr
For those students who got Admission in FAST Karachi campus kindly comment your discipline. Thanks.
Is computer science is good in Islamabad or other campuses


 Role Description Develop software solutions by conferring with users, determining client needs, and following the software development lifecycle.... Work with colleagues to design, test, and develop software to fulfill the project. Recommend upgrades to existing applications as required. Document solutions in detail, how the application will work to ensure proper maintenance and assistance for future upgrades. Required Skills Strong background and experience in technologies & frameworks such as Spring, Struts, EXTJS, JSP, RMI, XML, JAXB, Oracle and Tomcat. Analytical skills – strong analytical skills are vital for this job, the applicant needs to analyze and assess a user or client’s needs to find the most suitable solution for them. Problem-solving skills – as coding issues emerge, find the right resolution for the problem. The applicant should enjoy problem-solving and fixing errors. Creativity – need a creative mindset to think outside the box and find alternative ways to develop application. Attention to detail – work on various parts of an application, so must be focused and detail-oriented to spot any inaccuracies or errors within the code. Interpersonal skills – this job requires working closely with other team members as well as clients to ascertain what they need from an application or system. need excellent interpersonal skills to do this efficiently. Bonus Skills Experience with full-stack web development using JavaScript frameworks such as MEAN/MERN stacks or equivalent. Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Lambda a plus. Experience with public cloud-based technologies such as AWS, Azure, GCE a plus. Experience with configuration management tools like Puppet, Chef, Ansible, and Jenkins.

BBA ki per semester fees kitne ho sakti hai approximately?
Any BS(AI) senior from Fast ISB??

Financial aid kese milte hai???? Kya sare documents attach kerne hoteu hai??? Kitne fee kam ho jati hai?????
My aggregate is 87.52. I am not eligible is CS and SE in Lahore campus. But I am eligible in SE in Islamabad campus. CS closing merit in Islamabad is 88. Should I submit my fees in SE or wait for the third list? My first preference is CS. What should I do?
is there any chance k 70% walay ka name BSSE m ajai 3rd list m?
Last date kon sa hay may nay software engineering ke liyai apply karna hay or software engineering ke liyai fast kesa hay????
CS from GIKI or FAST Islamabad?


I got enrolled in BSCS and am looking for programming laptop which is cost effective.


Kya fast ke se pec se approved hai??????

Is it best to do  bs artificial intelligence from fast ? Is any  student available  who is currently doing bs artificial intelligence from fast? Scope of AI?
Can anyone tell me the schedule for MS Data Science please?
 Role Description Develop high-q...uality code against agreed stories (and propose outline system test methods against assigned stories), sub-tasks, and bugs then ensure developed code is unit-tested, and automatically testable where possible, as part of the build process. Analyze, develop, and document: product algorithms, peer reviews of documents produced by the team, and establish the process of documenting processes through Confluence with other engineers. Collect and maintain knowledge of industry trends and future paths. Recommend processes, services, software, and other tools to support business objectives pertinent to back end as well as infrastructure technologies. Contribute to enhance design and development processes. Create resource estimates of user stories related to back end features. Required Skills 2+ years of increasingly complex development efforts in an Agile based development team with a concentration on full-stack development. 1+ years working experience with React, Redux, ES6, GraphQL, and/or React Native. 1+ years working experience with Microservices 1+ years of experience developing and architecting solutions using JavaScript, Node.js, REST and SOAP APIs, and Express.js. 1+ years utilizing and developing using NoSQL DB’s such as MongoDB and Cassandra, SQL based DB’s such as MySQL/MariaDB, and web servers Apache and IIS. Strong JavaScript programming expertise. Identify, escalate, and work to resolve issues encountered during development activities that could impact timescales, functionality, or robustness. Deadline and detail-oriented. Strong analytical and critical thinking skills. Bonus Skills Knowledge of Java, Python, or other programming languages Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Lambda a plus. Experience with public cloud-based technologies such as AWS, Azure, GCE a plus. Experience with configuration management tools like Puppet, Chef, Ansible, and Jenkins.
 Role Description Develop high-quality code against agreed stories (and propose outline system test methods against assigned stories), sub-tasks, and bugs then ensure developed code is unit-tested, and automatically testable where possible, as part of the build process.... Analyze, develop, and document: product algorithms, peer reviews of documents produced by the team, and establish the process of documenting processes through Confluence with other engineers. Collect and maintain knowledge of industry trends and future paths. Recommend processes, services, software, and other tools to support business objectives pertinent to back end as well as infrastructure technologies. Contribute to enhance design and development processes. Create resource estimates of user stories related to back end features. Required Skills 2+ years of increasingly complex development efforts in an Agile based development team with a concentration on full-stack development. 1+ years working experience with React, Redux, ES6, GraphQL, and/or React Native. 1+ years working experience with Microservices 1+ years of experience developing and architecting solutions using JavaScript, Node.js, REST and SOAP APIs, and Express.js. 1+ years utilizing and developing using NoSQL DB’s such as MongoDB and Cassandra, SQL based DB’s such as MySQL/MariaDB, and web servers Apache and IIS. Strong JavaScript programming expertise. Identify, escalate, and work to resolve issues encountered during development activities that could impact timescales, functionality, or robustness. Deadline and detail-oriented. Strong analytical and critical thinking skills. Bonus Skills Knowledge of Java, Python, or other programming languages Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Lambda a plus. Experience with public cloud-based technologies such as AWS, Azure, GCE a plus. Experience with configuration management tools like Puppet, Chef, Ansible, and Jenkins.

 We are looking for a ‘Shopify Expert Developer and Social Media Integration Manager’, having at least 2-3 years’ experience of the following:... Thorough understanding of theme building and Graphic Design Integration Creation of inventory, and WH internally, and adding products as drop shipping sources like Ali Express or Ali Baba  Transfer, Inventory & Collections, including delivery app integration and knowledge of Shopify delivery API’s with external mobile apps Order Fulfillment and Abandoned check-outs conversion  Customers, gift cards and discounts  Analytics and Marketing  Complete understanding of Shopify Apps e.g;, sourcing, creation of traffic, boosting sales, customer experience, Re-target app, Gtranslate (Arabic), Optimize upsell, Coupon Hero, Social Boost, Video Check-out, Pixel Magic, other marketing integration apps Email marketing on Shopify  SMS Marketing from Shopify  How to improve Shopify conversion rate  Check-out site loading time reduction Language and check-out experience  Check-out colours and seals  Fin-tech integration paypal, credit card, stripe, others Pop-ups and timing of pop-ups for additional cart additions  Editing Product imaging  Expert in Tricks and tips for Shopify sales increase  Setting up of FB ad page and FB ad post and integration  Google search SEO  Shopify product and page and Google page ranking  Creation of multiple stores from one account and multiple brands and products Shopify Click Funnels, upsell, cross sell & down sell Creation and addition of domains to Shopify – buying domains   Using google analytics with Shopify and other 3rt party analytic apps  Integration of Shopify with Instagram hashtags, Pinterest, Embedding Youtube videos in Shopify Product Pages   Shopify & Oberlo integration  Expert Php Developer and integration with Shopify, including but not limited to Form Data in Php, Built in and Custom functions, DB in Php, Php security, Object Oriented Php and Web Shopify and Amazon FBA integration

Those who got their admission in the second list of BSSE in Islamabad campus have the university provided you your respective sections? I completed the requirements today and submitted the draft. I have recieved a roll number but no section. What's next?
Please any one guide me a mail has been send by fast peshawar campus

Alhamdulillah got selected in fast nu
bscs me kis kis ka admission ho gya hai fast isl me?




MS data science main kis kis ka naam aya hai?


Which field is better at FAST NU Islamabad campus. BS Data Sciences or BS Cyber Security and Data Forensic?
Is there anyone selected for BBA (Islamabad) after announcement of second merit list? If so, what’s your aggregate?
Kisi ki BSSE ma 85.85 se neeche aggregate pe selection hoi ha? Serious comments kindly!
fast ki timings kia hain ??

Any seniors here who have done or studying MS(CNS). Kindly reply here i want to ask some questions.
Fast ki MS ki timing kiya hai??

Initially I applied for AI in Isl Campus, mgr naam nhi aya 2nd list mei bhi. However, BSCS Fsd mei eligible hai. If I submit my admission request to FSD, will I still get an offer from Isl campus in upcoming lists if there are any seats available?? PLZ REPLYYY
Anyone from dg khan who have secured admission in FAST Islamabad campus?


Is there any possibility to change program?
Which Campus is Best Fast CFD campus or Fast Peshawar campus


Will classes be online until 15 sep or on campus?
Fast nu ki third list lagni hai...
Fast ki 2nd merit list kb tk lgy gi
I am eligible in Fast Faisalabad & Peshawar campus in BSCS. Need suggestions which one is better or some other option would be better.
SE from Fast (Karachi Campus) OR CS from Comsats (Lahore) ??? Please help

Salam fast ki software engineering kyse h ar total kitne fee h taqreeban plz help.m ar study kyse h

Is hostel available in fast Islamabad?
Need help in admission form.  When i sumbitted my form, it wasn’t decided if there would be entry test weightage or not. So i put my first nts number in it. Then it was decided admissions will be on open merit (based on fsc and matric). I forgot to remove my nts number which were pretty low as i thought they wouldn’t be considered.  Now my admission is based on Nat and only got in AnF while others with similar merit to mine got into SE. Is there any way i can change my application to open merit?
Any chance of 3 merit list of fast for islamabad campuse
Are there any good, reputable and close single seater hostels near FAST Islamabad?
MS list has been uploaded again
Ye 2019 arha but offer latter main sai date arhi

AOA! Jo jo students abhi soch rahy haa keh wo peshawar me Cs ya Se me chala jae.. To unko ye Batana haa apna time waste mat karna jane se... Seats full ho gaye haa wo aur students nahi le Rahay! Baqi EE ka nahi Pata mujhe ho sakta isme seats ho!
Acca or software engineering????
I got eligible for CS in fast Islamabad 2nd list, so do I have to give some application to confirm my admission or just pay the dues and submit the form?
Fast pashawar jana chaiay ya ni.. Seniors any suggestion??
2019? 🤣 MS walo conferm kro ye mazak bs mery sath hi hoa hy? 😄😄
Chances For a 2nd list in Fast Islamabad campus? Especially for BBA.


Does FAST islamabad have a hostel service like NUST?
Which university is better for BSSE
MS Merit list has been deleted from website. Any idea when will university upload correct merit list?
Anyone jiss ka isb main bs ee main hua hw admission


I Got adm in SE in FAST In 1st list in ISB campus ..so I paid the fee and submitted my documents but now after 2nd list i am eligible in CS which was my first preference now i want to do CS.. Can i change to CS now ??



Any good quality hostels at walking distance near FAST LAHORE CAMPUS? Kindly give suggestions.
Fast ki 2nd merit list lgy gi??
 We have an exciting opportunity for a marketing executive to work within a growing group of business in the Islamabad area. The role will expose the successful candidate to a number of businesses operating in a variety of industries and allowing them to develop multiple marketing related skillsets. The marketing executive will be responsible for managing all digital content, including supplied advertisements from local business and internal advertisements and ...announcements. The core elements of the role will involve: • Produce creative content, including videos, blog posts and promotional materials • Using online / cloud-based content management systems • Scheduling content • manage social media channels (e.g. Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn) to enhance audience engagement and increase brand awareness • Help with marketing plans, advertising, direct marketing, and campaigns • Evaluate and review marketing campaigns, advertising and SEO to make sure the correct mediums are being used and campaigns are effective • Support the marketing manager in delivering agreed activities Key Qualifications, Skills and Experience • Experience with managing digital content is essential • Experience and good sound knowledge of Adobe editing platforms such as Photoshop, InDesign and Premier Pro is essential • Experience with social media platform management is essential • Experience with creating / editing digital content is essential • Experience in the transport industry is advantageous but not essential Core Hours: 14:00 - 22:00pm Monday to Saturday (weekend work may be required to suit the business from time to time)
#Allama_Iqbal_Open_University_AIOU_Islamabad_Jobs_August_2020 For online apply click here: https://jobs.aiou.edu.pk/Portal/Login/Register
Plz guide Fast peshawe kesi h for  Bscs
anybody know last date of fee submission of 2 merit list of Fast University
Is BSSE a recognized program From Fast??
Me ne Lahore Campus ke liye Apply kiya tha lekn Isb ke lye eligible tha toh waha application submit karwa di thi aaj call aayi ha ke ap ka isb ma hogya ha documents jama karwaye agar 2nd List ma lhr ma naam aajata ha toh campus change ho jayega?
Guys plz ap mn sy koi yh bta skta h k fast k isb campus mn EE ksi h?

which is better for SE fast islamabad or nust?

Looks like they extended the deadline. If Cambridge reviews grades can students who were rejected due to U's bring new results to get enrolled? Or is this deadline only for second merit list?


Anyone jis n faislabad campus s islamabad campus me transfer kraya ho ya krana ho..??
#2nd_merit_list  Got Recieved ... Mera abhi aya hai AI ka lia selected oor SE CS ka lia eligible 😊😊 Pahly kise main bhe eligible tha sewae Cyber security ka  NOTE: orr sab apny portal check karlo wahan pata chal jaega



I have 76% marks in fsc and applied for FAST islamabad campus for computer science but not selected. Es saal merit ziada tha k kio?😥😌
bscs from fast ya environmental sciences from quaid e azam kindly give me opinions
Bhai koi guide kar da plz ma kya karo? Koi chances hain select hony ka BSCS ma?




which field is best>?
Any one know about it?? Fast islamabad campus me hostel ki facility mlti h??
Yar plz kowe bata sakhta ha fast islambad saay software engineering karne chaiay.asking for a friend.plz kowe ache advice daay daay.asking for  a friend Hammad Imtiaz
Mera 82.77 aggregate hai aur mera 2nd list mai BBA aur AF mai eligible aaya lekin meri first preference CS thi what can I do now plz kindly help me
Ok serious question: Agar O levels main equivalency Achi nhi ho (60%-70%) Tu inter/A levels ya phir SAT/entry test basis par Achi uni(LUMS,FAST,NUST,IBA,etc) mein admission mil Sakta hai?
By the grace of Allah, I am selected in fast nuces islamabad campus in BBA in 2nd merit list and my aggregate is 81.27%
me ne lahore ma apply kia tha wahan select ni hua ab islamabad ma eligible aa ra ha. par inka faislabad ki tara result k nichy form ni aa raha  mera aggregate 86.45 ha to ma kaise islamabad ma apply kar sakta hon ya join kar sakta hon
mera aggreigate 86% hai mera islamabad main ni howa lakin waha likha howa k ap peshawer ya faislabad campus main request kr skty . abhi krna chahiye ya 2nd merit list k liye wait krna chahiye?
Difference between SE and CS?
A. O. A Ms(cs) k lie kon kon select howa???
I heard people got rejected admission because of May June 2020 results. If their grades get upgraded, will the university extend deadline for them?


I've Gained Admission in SE in Islamabad Campus. Is there any Possible way I can change my Program as I'm eligible for CS, DS, AI, AF etc. If Yes then what Are the procedures?

I need Help From Senior  I Want To Do BBA  I have Choices FAST OR BZU MULTAN  plz Help ke to take admission
Does anyone have the Lahore to Islamabad Campus change form for FAST as I am eligible in Islamabad
2nd merit list is uploaded check your portal
Fast 2nd merit list is announced.check your portal


What is merit of software Engineering in fast islamabad
Once one has gained admission in FAST, and decide to withdraw later on if they get into another university by November, will any amount of the admission fee be refunded to them?  I'm asking for a friend who has FAST as her backup.
I applied in Lahore campus. Will i be able to apply in BSCs or BsDs in Islamabad if the islamabad’s merit drops or seats open?

Got admission in FAST_CFD?..i have to go or not?
Any one tell me about second merit list...
Is there anyone who can give me some information about financial aid in FAST NUCES islamabad??

2nd list ai ?


We are looking for an energetic iOS developer, who is willing to learn and grow. The ideal candidate must have strong problem-solving skills and creative instincts to develop and maintain iOS applications. The candidate will be given a platform to work on market-leading, innovative, and challenging mobile apps. Must have published at least one application on Apple App Store: -Participate in internal development projects such as developing new products and enhancing/maintaining the existing products. -Contribute to the development of life-cycle, design, implementation, and test. -Experience with Swift, Objective-C, and Cocoa Touch. -Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc. -Experience with core data, offline storage, threading, and performance tuning -Development Knowledge of JSON, REST, and XML based web services and their working. -Hands-on experience of creating custom UI controls, designing protocols, implementing interfaces, and performance optimization -Understanding of Apple design principles and interface guidelines. -Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications -Translation of designer mock-ups and wireframes into front-end code -Understanding and maintenance of our existing code/apps -Understanding of prior developed projects and enhancing features -Self-driven and do work on your own by taking ownership. -Strong problem-solving skills. -Comfortable in working with the team as well as independently. -Learning attitude, communication, and passion to code Location: Scheme 3, Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Does anyone tell me ke fee ka kia procedure hai?fee bank me submit krwani hai AGR krwani hai tu phr fee chalan kahan se aye ga kindly tell me
Attention! #2nd_merit_list_FAST_islamabad “”Fast ke 2nd Merit list ajj lagege..Don’t know exact time but ajj lagny hai”” Note:Information from admission Office through Direct Phone Call


Techovative is looking for an experienced mobile app developer in Flutter (For iOS/Android). (Fresh can also apply) • Expert in Flutter  Applicants must possess prior development experience with their portfolio. • Applicants must be self-starters, able to work independently, meet deadlines, and be quick learners. • Ability to design, brief to record requirements and project needs. • Applicants must have English language proficiency.... • Design and build advanced applications for the iOS & Android platforms • Ability to handle the app development from scratch till production. • Able to work on native and cross-platform apps, Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Write a clean, well-designed code. Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications. Follow industry best practices Requirements: • Experience working with iOS & Android frameworks • Experience with Swift, Objective-C (basic knowledge), iOS SDK, Cocoa Touch(iOS) • Strong programming skills including native iOS (Objective-C, Swift, and/or C • Deep understanding of Objective-C/Swift design patterns. • Familiarity with Restful/cloud message APIs • Familiarity with other services in mobile apps like push notifications, payment services, etc • Experience in integration with back-end services • Strong knowledge of Object-Oriented Design • Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies • Advanced understanding of the full mobile development life cycle • Creative thinking to develop new design concepts, graphics and layouts. Location: Scheme 3, Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Software Quality Assurance Engineer Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently, it is looking for an experienced Software Quality Assurance Engineer who is interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: -2 years of experience in  QA in any reputed Organization -Knowledge of QA processes, methodologies, and industry best practices -Ability to analyze system features a...nd functionality and determining the best approach and techniques to test (black box, white box, stress/load, data integrity, security, automation) -Conduct software testing effectively and efficiently across desktop, web , mobile and emerging technologies -Proven experience of testing on different browsers after deployment -Develop and exhibit advanced level knowledge of QA lifecycle -Understand business requirements, prepare test estimates and test plans, conduct test execution and prepare results -Proven experience on product having clients is huge plus -Handle the ripple effect on requirement change -Automation experience is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Senior Software Engineer (.Net MVC C#) Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 3+ years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • Str...ong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus • Experience in finance related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
AOA  Kisi ko pata ha k fast islb ma Artificial intelligence  ka closing merit kia ha.......... Mera agg 83 ha. Aur NTS base pa b apply kia tha #NUCES
Maine MS AF ka test dia tha, kesy pta lgay ga selected hon ya not selected?
Mera fast Khi ma CS r isl mein DS ma eligible aya hai tou dono jagah application bheji abb khi campus na accept krli hai r isl walo na kaha hai k 12 k baad bataye ga agr khi accept krta ho tou kya isl ma DS ma name aye ga ya nahi r agr aye ga tou ma karachi sa CS ma sa isl DS ma tranfer krr sakhta ho. Plzz guide
Is there any Hostel near Fast Isb at a walking distance?



Yr ye campus change wla kia scene k agr mny islmbd s faislabad kya h tu iska mtlb islmbd ki merit list s khtm ??

Aslam u alikum  Fast islamabad se electrical kru ya CS plzz need a serious suggestion and uet ya fast kis ki electrical behtar hogi

To all those boys/girls jo 90%+ aggregate pr select hogye hain to bhai Fast mein kio aarhy ho,go for Comsats,PUCIT etc kuch ham 70+ waloo pr rehm krlo. 🤧 FAST is not for prhakooo bachayy!🤦‍♀️
Alhamdulilah By the Grace Of Allah Almighty Got selected in FAST . Biggest dream in my life . Seniors please guide krein suna hy prhai mushkil hy😔.


Any info about MS test results and merit list?

Aik banda FAST islamabad may admission karlay , aur baad may cancel karlay, to us kay cancellation par doosra banda immediate apply karsakta hai ?  Ya FAST walay phir wahi merit par invite karengay ?
SELECTED IN FAST BSCS (PESHAWAR CAMPUS),Shall i go there?! #helppls
BS(se) is best option or BS(cs) plzz anyone who guid me batter ?
If someone gets admission in Fast Islamabad campus in BSCS but he wants to go to Lahore campus now. Is this even possible. Fast kai form pai Islamabad prefer Kia tha but now wanna go to Lahore Fast. Should I submit fee to Islamabad campus or not? Also Lahore fast main CS kai lye eligible nahi aya hai. Someone guide please.
Is the BBA program any good at FAST Islamabad? As compared to other BBA offering universities in Islamabad. Any insight would be appreciated. 
Hello guys, I wanted to ask K agr ma  2nd merit list ka wait karon ga toh jo available options ha mara paas e.g faislabad ur Peshawar k, woh khatam toh nhi ho jae ga? Kia ma phir bi in campuses ma apply kr paon ga jahan eligible hoon?

Salam, I want to take admission in FAST   BCS. I want to take admission in spring. Can I take admission in spring. If I can, then what are the procedures?kindly inform me.

Aslamuallaikum! Alhamdulilah got selected in FAST. Pochna ye tha k Fees k ilawa 1 month ka kitna khrcha hojata he(hostel+khana weghera +others)
got admission in fast nu islamabad in bs ds successfuly but now hostel is biggest issue.Any senior suggestion please!
Asslamoalikum Everyone  Ak Problem hea Meare FSC Complete hea 2019 mea result aya tha Gap year hea is saal Improvement kea liea APPLY kia tha but paper nahi hwea  BAHRIA University or Nutech University kea  admission form mea just 1st year kea marks put kar diea thea complete FSC kea nahi kiea thea Result awaiting par click kar dia tha  Abhi mujea tension 😞😢  ho rahe hea Meara agr Merit list mea nam aa gya Admission be ho Gya Clases be shoro ho gi tabh wo bad mea meara Admiss...ion cancel na kar dn 😕 1st year kea sath aggregate 81% ban raha hea or Complete 2nd year kea sath 75%  1st year mea marks 405 (78%) thea 2nd year mea 755 (69%) Plzzz guide kar dn agr kse ko kouch idea hea is case ka to
Salam, I want to take admission in FAST Peshawar in BCS. I want to take admission in spring. Can I take admission in spring. If I can, then what are the procedures?kindly inform me.
Can someone tell me the merit of BS(CS) and aggregate formula of this year ?
Asslamoalikum Everyone  Ak Problem hea Meare FSC Complete hea 2019 mea result aya tha Gap year hea is saal Improvement kea liea APPLY kia tha but paper nahi hwea  BAHRIA University or Nutech University kea  admission form mea just 1st year kea marks put kar diea thea complete FSC kea nahi kiea thea Result awaiting par click kar dia tha  Abhi mujea tension 😞😢  ho rahe hea Meara agr Merit list mea nam aa gya Admission be ho Gya Clases be shoro ho gi tabh wo bad mea meara Admiss...ion cancel na kar dn 😕 1st year kea sath aggregate 81% ban raha hea or Complete 2nd year kea sath 75%  1st year mea marks 405 (78%) thea 2nd year mea 755 (69%) Plzzz guide kar dn agr kse ko kouch idea hea is case ka to


fast isb ki faculty kaisi hai and is it good decision to go there .senoir guide pls..
Are there any members in this group who are currently studying in FAST - Islamabad? Preferably their BS AI program.  I need some guidance ASAP. Kindly inbox me.


MS Data Science and CNS ka test kis kis ne diya tha? And Bette option kon c hai agr dono main admission ho jata hai tu?
Nutech ka name NCEAC   website par nahi hea 😕 BS computer science Nutech sea karna chiyea ya nahi ????


How is doing BBA From FAST?

Phir kiya kiya jaye ! scope hai ya nahi 🤔
AOA friends I just passed fsc and am applying for universities How good is the electrical engineering department in fast  1.Are teachers good 2. Where does fast stand as compared to comsats air and bahria for electrical engineering... Please answer I will be very grateful of you

Hey Guys got admission in Fast Peshawar for CS What are your suggestions Should i go for it or not? Need review from a alumni if any
Hi, i am MS student. If you are enrolled in university, kindly fill this form. It will take only 5 mins and would be of great help for my thesis. .

Hello everyone i want to ask if i am eligible for karachi and take admission there and then my name come in 2nd merit list then can i move back to isb campus?
Plz guide me that what is the condition of department of electrical engineering in fast ibd . Moreover which is better uet Lahore or fast ibd for electrical engineering
#FAST_Software_and_AI_Selected_Candidate_at_Islamabad_Campus Jinka Software Engineering ya AI main Islamabad Campus main select hogae hai... please Drop your Aggregate(if your selected as I mention above) Mine is 88.2
AOA  Iplz koi help kare. . i selected in fast lahore for EE. But i want admission in CS islamabad . I eligible in CS islamabad how i can apply in cs isb plz guide

What is condition of electrical engineering department of fast ibd which will be the Best choice uet Lahore or fast  ibd for electrical engineering


Alhamdulliah got 87 aggregate and selected in CS & Data Science. Mera passion Data Science me hi so ab CS or Data Science ? Seniors please help me and mahol kidhr acha ho ga ?


Hello everyone,i hope you all are fine,few days ago,some student here in this group asked for course material of object oriented programming,and few other courses,i wanted to send that time but i forgot,here is the link from where you can access the material,i did bachelors in computer science from bahria university,so contents might be bit different then the Fast univerity but concept are same,the google drive contains slides for : 1)Object oriented programming C++ 3)Discrete mathematics Its for your own self learning,and if anyone needs some more material regarding computer courses,i will give it for free)i have stored all the contents from semester 1 to 8),i will advise you all to save and store your semester notes,files in organized way,it will help you in future as well,if i have,i will share insha Allah.Share it with others,study hard and study well :)
Mphil  test computer department ka result kb ay g ? Islamabad campus
Alhamdulillah got 91 aggregate in the test and got selected in cs. 🤩 Can anyone tell keh Mahool kesa hota ha University ka ??
Seniors please guide me eligible ka kia mtlb hai...



Bhai main na fast islamabad k liya apply kiya tha but meri selection nhi hoyi  but other campus main mujha elligible kiya gya ha kya is ka matlab ha main dosra campus main selected hn or ja skta hn please guide me

MS(data science) Entry test mn taqreeban 35 number ay hen  Ap logo k kitny marks hen?
When we can't apply for pre eng fields then why the hell pre eng students can apply for ics's fields😡😡
A. O. A kisi ka admission huwa Hai fast mai aik help chahiye ?
Alhamdulillah Selected❤ For BS(CS) ❗ Islamabad Campus❗

For all those students applied to GIKI and have test this Saturday/Sunday! As part of PrepareHOW, Taha Mahmood and Mohammad Huzaifah Owais from GIKI have made a Full Length Paper for students to practice before they appear in GIKI Entry Test. Do practice MCQs given in FLP and let us know of your thoughts/feedback in the comments section. Share this with your friends and class fellows as well!
Bs accounting and finance ka closing merit kitna hy isl campus ka ?
Thank God feeling so happy, got admission in Bs EE, BS AF BS Cs. I am thinking to persue Cs from FAST. Any suggestions seniors?

Fast islamabd campus ki doosri merit list kb lage gi ?
We are looking for an energetic iOS developer, who is willing to learn and grow. The ideal candidate must have strong problem-solving skills and creative instincts to develop and maintain iOS applications. The candidate will be given a platform to work on market-leading, innovative, and challenging mobile apps. Must have published at least one application on Apple App Store: -Participate in internal development projects such as developing new products and enhancing/maintaining the existing products. -Contribute to the development of life-cycle, design, implementation, and test. -Experience with Swift, Objective-C, and Cocoa Touch. -Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc. -Experience with core data, offline storage, threading, and performance tuning -Development Knowledge of JSON, REST, and XML based web services and their working. -Hands-on experience of creating custom UI controls, designing protocols, implementing interfaces, and performance optimization -Understanding of Apple design principles and interface guidelines. -Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications -Translation of designer mock-ups and wireframes into front-end code -Understanding and maintenance of our existing code/apps -Understanding of prior developed projects and enhancing features -Self-driven and do work on your own by taking ownership. -Strong problem-solving skills. -Comfortable in working with the team as well as independently. -Learning attitude, communication, and passion to code Location: Scheme 3, Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk


Mera isb ma naam ni aya magr Peshawar campus ma CS aur SE ma eligible likha ha

Alhamdulilah selected in Mechanical Engineering in Islamabad campus ✌️
What's the difference between eligible and selected?
AlhamduAllah selected 🥰 MiNe Aggregate 91 Selected in Both Bs (CS) BS Accounting and finance Plz which field is best in Fast ?


Which degree is most interesting and good? And from which University should I do? 1- Software engineering 2- Artificial Intelligence 3- Computer Science 4- Mechatronics
Men SE men select hua hn par men kia CS men Ja sakta hn.??
Hi guyzz mera FAST mein admission ho gaya hai. Plzzz tell me yahan ka mahol kaisa hai??

88.9% aggregate. BS CS/SE ki umeed rakhon LHR campus main?

A. O. A kisi ka admission huwa ho or his ne admission k liye fee jama na krwani ho
Anyone from pesh campus? Plx comments i have queries


Fast faisalbad campis kaisa ha study k lihaz sa please guide me

Electrical engineering or software engineering  ki fee ka koi bta ga ? Islamabad campus
Bhai please guide me mujha 3 campus main  elligible kiya ha is ka matlab ha k main tinu main sa kisi main bhi ja skya hn
2nd merit list lagay gi kya😒?
Jo bachy dosre Campus main eligible hain woh kia kare... Plz tell me what to do?
Whats the closing merit of CS this time im quite nervous as i am not in the 1st list  Kindly help

Fast Peshawar campus kehsa hai.....Mere baba ko kisi ne bataya hai k wahan ki degree ka faida ni🙄🙄
Any one know clossing merit for bsAI
Anyone knows about exact closing merit for bba in islamabad?
Bro please koi bs(a&f) ka closing merit bata do. 🙏🏼
What is FAST's criteria to put students into different sections? Is it based on the merit number? For example students with higher merit position are put into sections like CS(A) or CS(B). Can anyone confirm?
Can any one guide , Bs computer science is better or Bs Software engineering from Fast Islamabad.
Bhai fast ka aggrigate kaisa check krien
Kal Fast Islamabad office open hoga?
ma bht confused ho plz guide kara hr ek student na top 4 5 bscs universities ma apply kiya howa hai or jaisa aj fast merit 90+ wala students aya ese tarah dusra universities ma b aya ga its mean humra pr 1st merit list ma name na aya ga lykn ab 90+ wala students srf ek uni ma hi apply kara ga pr dusra merit list laga d 4 5bscs universities k bad ma na backup jo universities raki te unka result phala a raha hai or Parents keh raha hai jahan phala admission mela waha karo admission agr ma backup university admission lo (backup university =SZABIST,IIUI,Bahria Islamabad,IST) or bad top university name jaisa k Fast Islamabad, ITU, PUCIT or Comsats Islamabad kise ek ma name a jaya pr kia karo  #PlzGuideMe #Properly

I think the results are finally available  for everyone if u wait long enough. Also I got selected for CS Islamabad  Allah ka shukr hai :)
Next merit list Insha Allah after 12 Aug.

peshawar ky lyia kesy apply keryn??







80% aggregate and   eligible for all campus except Islamabad -_-
Closing merit of BS(AI)?
Mera merit list me naam nahi aaya :) Different campus me different field ka aagaya Mene poochna Tha keh 2nd merit list Kab haa? Aur usme chance haa naam aane ka?

 Need your Guidance regarding BS(EE) in Islamabad Campus. Any Student from EE here?!
Oo yaar Mera kya scene Hai fast ka koi second list ka chance Hai k nai?... Matric 991/1100 Inter 436/520
Test na ly kr merit takreeban itna hi high ho giya jitna medical walon ka hota hai
Anyone from bscs dept isl?I want to take some info plzz
I've a concern, when your A levels result is not out, university considers it as 60 percent ( if it's same like 4 years ago) and your aggregate becomes lower, this was compensated in previous years with entry test but since we don't have one now, I want to get the feed back from the CIE students....
jis ka b merit par naam nae aya kya unhon nay dosri uni mein apply kiya hye in isb ? For Cs
Does Anybody know if wanna change the campus from peashwae to lahore or islamabad so what should i have to do

Anyone Selected for BBA in Islamabad ? Agg.,?
Jis jis ka cs me admission hua hai isl campus mjhe btaye ya DM kr de



Yrr mera to pashawar mn ho gya kia Islamabad campus mn tha ab kya krun??? Change ho skta k na?
What’s the closing merit for (AI) and (DS) - Islamabad campus?

Ajj kisi ka Data Science or CNS ka test tha Kya? Islamabad campus
yar mana karachi campus maan apply kiya tha lakin mera wahan nahi hoa or mera faisalabad maan elligible likha a raha ha to kia maan fast faisalabad ja sakta hon plz tell me



U can check your merit from here: Syed Shah Mir Ali http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/AdmissionResult/
ASSALAM O ALYKUM  fast Isb ke bad knsa campus better he? Peshawar, Karachi ya Faisalabad And what is the procedure for eligible seats?
70% aggregate Any chances In Bscs in Islamabad Campus?
yar mana karachi campus maan apply kiya tha lakin mera wahan nahi hoa or mera faisalabad maan elligible likha a raha ha to kia maan fast faisalabad ja sakta hon plz tell me
Rat bar nh soya web site down hona k waja sa ek sal zaya kiye just fast uni k liya lykn pr b select na howa tora bht afsos howa hai lykn mare msg unk liya hai who says #gotrejeceted Ab mari bt sonay  agr fast lahore cs ma 91%stop howa or 89% fast Islamabad ka howa hai toh bhai log pr or universities kise lage pr i mean NUST PUCIT ITU COMSATS pr dusri uni's itni merit na hona wali 80% to 90% pr yahi aya ga i sure maybe phala merit ma aya  q ki hr ek na 4 5top bscs universities apply kiya toh jo 90%hoga toh select sab hoga lykn admission toh sab na la sakte hai na #bepatient #justwaitandwatch
Koi muja btay ga ka domicell must hy douments ,admission ka lia
Bhaiyoo eligible ya selected main kia farq haii....... aur eligible hony ky bad kia kareinn?
Aoa. Anyone who has given today (or recently) Admission Test for MS Data Science/AI/ SE/CNS? I need some information. Thanks
Those who missed test today, can they give again? My test was at 11:30,aankh nahi khuli, was working all night on some task :(

merit for bscs?

Pata ni laikn mujhe ni lagta k 2nd ya 3rd merit list lagy gi ye final hai unhon ne ye bi mention ni kiya wa k ye 1st merit list hai and secondly ye jo eligible likha wa raha hai ye to phyr 3rd wali list mn likha hona chaiye ta k jis ka 3rd list mn bi nam na aye wo transfer kr ly😭😭😭
Salam all, hey friends, I have test for Masters in datascience tomorrow, due to freelancing, work, zada time nae Mila for practice, revision etc, anyone willing to join me for preparation tonight, like till 2,3 AM, my test is at 11:30 BTW,or if someone can just mention some resources that are enough for test preparation, I will be grateful.  Ping me if anyone is interested, thank you



Alhamdulillah , got admission for BS CS in Islamabad campus



Did anyone get sms or email about result? Portal is down/not working....

 If you are an engineer (electrical/electronics/telecom/computer/mechanical/civil/environmental) graduated after 2014 or still a student, and want to earn sitting at your home, we have an exciting part-time opportunity for you.

Accounting & finance Ka closing merit?

Bhai CS ka closing merit kitna thaa
2nd merit list kab ati hai?
Any idea about closing merit of SE ISB campus?
when will 2nd list be available on Fast
I applied for BS CS, SE & AI in Islamabad campus. My aggregate is 79.8 % and I've not been selected in any of respective field. But it has shown me eligible in Peshawar in BS CS and BS SE. Will there be any 2nd merit list? If yes than will they consider me in Islamabad because they've already allocated me in Peshawar's Campus. Also I was expecting my name in AI in Islamabad campus.
#FAST_Merit_List 2 hour Remaining  Who’s WAITING😮😮



Software Engineer (.Net MVC C#) Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 3+ years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • Strong ana...lytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus • Experience in finance related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Android Developer Techovative is UK based company providing services in healthcare/ telemedicine sector. We are looking for talented Android Developer to take ownership of development of mobile app and work closely with the design team to build amazing mobile app. Expect to move fast to take lead in all the things in Android mobile development. We are a Technology company and you need to have in-depth knowledge of mobile application development & best practices in Android pla...tform. Knowledge of iOS will be a plus. Details: • Hands on experience interfacing to back-end APIs (Firebase, other APIs) • In-depth knowledge of Restful API, different logging framework, and offline storage • Experience working in a team environment • Solid experience in SQLite, Realm, ROOM • Maintain code and write unit-test for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability. • Good knowledge of different Android versions and it’s feature and different library • Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable code • Should be innovative to maximize development efficiency. • Experience with multi-threading programming and developing highly secured app • Can work with minimum supervision • Ability to act like a product manager to define and prioritize features and implement them • “Ownership” attitude versus simply doing by instruction—constant internal drive to make the user experience and overall brand better, and an eagerness to understand and apply the latest design principles • Understanding of technical products, and are excited to take complicated problems and make them simple for our customers to control and manage • Experience in working and collaborating with diverse teams in a dynamic, rapid growth environment • An outstanding portfolio showcasing a depth of knowledge in user experience, interaction, and visual/user interface design • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools  • Design, evaluate, update and maintain cross-platform applications • Document the Analysis, Design and Development phases • Translate client’s information into a functional application • Develop functional and technical specifications for projects • Determine all necessary coding requirements for the project/application Other Responsibilities include: • Advising the executives on the necessities and information required for the project. • Taking part in the preliminary planning of the project, meeting and discussing ideas related to it. Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
bba ka closing merit kya tha????
O Bhai website open nai ho rahi Kia krun
Listen I have applied in both B's accounting and finance plus bba Got message of selection in B's accounting and finance becz it was my first priority So if I wanna switch to bba ,would there b way ? Plus I have also applied for financial aid what about that????... According to schedule ,there would be 6 to13 call over time ,for financial aid applicant (so when will they inform for that)




Fast ki kitni merit lists lagti hain?
Bhaiyo Load kamm dalo mujhe bhi check krnay do half hour ho gya Open he ni ho rha🙈😶


Please kindy koi senior student bata dain k is dafa only 1 Marit list lagy gi 《Bscs》 ki or bh lagyn ge

Hello, I’ve applied for BSCS! Somehow I forgot to upload my CNIC, now due date is gone, my question is will they consider my admission?
What is the cut off merit for BSCS in Isl and Lahore campus?


Electrical engineering merit kitne pr cutoff??
Bba ka bta dou merit koi?

I wanted recommendations on bachelors in artificial intelligence from Fast Islamabad campus, Is it a good option? I have great interest in Artifical Intelligence but I am confused whether doing AI degree at fast Islamabad would be worth or not? Opinions/suggestions of everyone will be  highly appreciated...


Yar 2020 addmission merit list kab announce  hoga  kisi k pas informations hai?

The Merit for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS have been announced  for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results. For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk
Ms CNS  Koi bta skta hai ke test ka schedule change kar skty hain (its possible or not)
MS (cns) 👀?


I am looking for a person who can do tax assignments. He/she must be able to perform calculations of different taxation systems. Please inbox #paid_task



Yar BSCS ka result kese maloom karain

Merit list kab ayegi?When will the merit list come?


I applied for BS Cyber security on open merit.... 4 ko list lgni thi kesay pta chalay ga?
Kia merit list upload ho gai hy?



Any Senoir Of BBA OR BSCS  plzz let me know i want to discuss something by them
Anyone knows expected merit for cs or SE in fast nu Cfd campus ?
Ak He List Lagti ha Fast ma Bscs k liya Ha??

Hello guys, I'm from an alevel background. I applied to Fast from their admission portal and at that time, there was no problem but now they mailed me that i have to put alevel equivalent but i havent received my A2 result yet. They said before that if someones doesnt have their alevel result, they can skip that. Ive attached that screen shot too. What should i do?

Assalam o alikum,81.40 any chance in bscs Islamabad campus kia kehti hai ap log 😨🥴

Latest up date Fast undergraduate merit list postponed till 5/8/2020  at 11 pm.

Aoa MS software engineering ka test kab hy ply 5 date thi ab kuch b show ni ho raha admit card b ni kindly koi guide kr day... ply MS management science ka b 5 ko tha Message b aya tha but ab  8 ko hy.
Kal kitny bajy list lagni????
Yr meri MS ky TEST DATE 6th August aagye hy... pahly 4th thi... isi date ko PAK ARMY ki bhi date hy...  What should I do.. They should at least checked it with other institutions before changing dates
85% aggregate  kindly guide please any chance in cs Islamabad

Hello all, I am applying for masters in datascience, first they said test hoga, then said test nahi hoga, and two days ago I got a test day message, yani ab test hoga? They should make it clear from day 1

Need people with amazing listening skills, good English, and attention to detail. Work from home

958/1100 in matric, 841/1100 in fsc, any chance in FAST BS(CS)?
Any one get Admission Text From CASE Islamabad ??
Yeh fast ka test phir cancel q hwa any idea.....
Kyia Fast full Need based scholarship dete hai ??

Aslam Alaiikum all, To avoid killing your time, I will try my best to keep the announcement as precise and brief as possible. The prime and sole purpose of this post is to seek graduates preferably from Islamabad and Rawalpindi with Electronics/Electrical or Software Engineering background, who are willing to work on a startup relevant to Home Automation as a team. On top of that, who are responsible and committed enough to achieve short term targets by investing their energi...es and time with patience. All you need to put is the investment in terms of dedication and time. If you’re interested, please contact me for further discussion. DISCLAIMER: It is not a job opportunity, it’s a business plan instead. NOTE: Please use your official Facebook ID to contact me in order to get response.

admission last date kab hain???
Meri sister ne fast Islamabad me apply kiya he us ka aggregate 81 he us ka CS or SE dono me interest he so guide me ke us ko 1st pr konse field rhakni chae jis me us ka admission confirm he agr wo 1st pr CS rhakti he or 2nd pr SE or agr cs me nhe ata us ka name to SE me confirm ajae ga name us ka Thanks👍👍👍
ISS ko update Karne se tu masla Nahi hoga ...
Aoa. There are no hostel accomdation for boys wih FAST islamabad. Are there any private hostel accomdation near fast?. seniors alreday living in private hostels kindly guide.  Regards
Fast fee per smester or agar scholarship/Financial aid paii admission ho to kya fee ha?  Kindly Guide kr dain?

Fast software engineering ka test ly rhi hy ?

Verilog is a hardware description language (HDL) used to modeling digital-systems at all levels of abstraction from the algorithmic-level to the gate-models on ...FPGA's.  In electronics, FPGA or Field Programmable Gate Array refers as the programmable IC. It has a wide range of uses in aerospace, defense, medicine, television, consumer electronics, industrial motor control, scientific instruments, cyber security systems, and wireless communications, etc. Therefore, it is crucial to have extensive understanding of such devices to enter such industries. With this in mind, IEEE RAS CUI brings you a Webinar with the aim of achieving precisely this. #IEEE  #FPGA  #VERILOG  #IEEERAS  #IEEERASCUI  #ElectronicsIndustry
Are you all still able to update your application or have received any message from the University?
 Admissions at FAST NUCES - Peshawar Campus is Open. To apply visit: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/
Matric 73% fsc 58% any chance in bba  and test compulsory hoaga ya merit pi hoga kindly guide????
78% in SSC 69% in HSSC-I BBA mein chance hai ya nahi?


Fast bscs ka fee structure kia hy per semester



While applying, I had to upload an image of my A-levels results aswell.  The problem is that I have 4 A-level subjects that I gave in 3 different sessions but the application process is not allowing me to upload the 3 report cards I have. 
If you could choose between COMSATS and FAST in terms of SE, Which one would you choose and why?

Fast my registration krwany k baad ka Kya process hy guys?
Metric 88 PERCENT FSC 82 PERCENT Any 1 plz Bs Accounting and finance m ho jainga pre medical Kia ha Maine ho jainga ?

Are there high job opportunities after graduation from fast in BSSE? Need guidance
#FASTnu_Test_for_engProgrammes Fast-nu Will conduct its test only for Engineering Programs, Civil Engineering & Electrical Engineering, not for CS Programs
#Importang_announcement_about_FASTnu New Schedule for FAST-NU, ISLAMABAD Fast-nu Conducting its Test for Engineering Programs (CE & EE)
Bssec fall in computing or in engineering program?
Admission test? Ya kya hy
  Ahmad Malik is currently working as an independent IT Management Advisor with a leading he...althcare organization in the USA. Sheeba Malik is an experienced Project Management Professional (PMP) and ITIL Service Management Expert with more than 19 years of experience in successfully managing and delivering complex, large scale technology projects from conception through implementation with a focus on SDLC and end to end solution delivery. Currently she is working in Apple.  Jasim Qazi who graduated from FAST in 2008 and since then has moved to California to venture into the world of video games. He pursued a masters in computer science from San Jose State University, CA and worked for different startups in Silicon Valley before moving to Los Angeles.
Expected merit list of fast islamabad
anyone tell me ke fast ka aggregate kis basis pe banay ga bscs ke lye kitne percent matric kitne percent fsc?


Maine apni FSC pichle saal complete krli thi tou kiyaa mai fsc k number daaloon ya 1st year k kindly tell me.
Matric 77% Fsc part 1:50.49% Any chance in BBA 😐😐😐

Fast University ki bajian hazir hon plz  Islamabad me koi acha hostel batain reasonable
Is there any hostel nearby Fast where majority of fast students are residing at? And I have heard that it is too hard to survive in fast so I am just making sure and asking you all is it possible for an average student to survive there and how is it hard? Assignments burden or it is the exams.
80% in matric 77% in fsc part 1 Any chance in bscs isl??
Metric    80% Fsc 1.     64% Any chance in bs data science isb campus

Anyone from bscs department I want to take some info or total credit hours kitne hotay hen ek semester me?
8 days left to apply! FAST NUCES - Peshawar Campus admissions will be closed in 8 days. Avail this time to complete your application and become a part of the dy...namic FAST community. To Apply: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/ Announcement **Admissions will not be denied on the basis of financial condition of a candidate ** #KeepGoingPlaces #Admissions2020 #fastnucespwr #computerscience #electricalengineering #softwareengineering #DataScience #FASTcomunity
Salam. Can any one guide me about MS AI from FAST isb Like  Eligibility criteria because I'm math student can i apply For Artificial intelligence after BS math?
I wanna ask question about fast nu experience as you are in fast. One of my friend interested in bscs fast but he have no idea about fast research in computer science and entrepreneurship skills as well as extracurricular activities. But he is sure about fast reputation on producing hard core cs graduates. He wants to join Islamabad.
A.o.A!  I've done BS electrical engineering from comsats and now I've applied for MS in { 1)AI 2)Data science 3)Computer Network security } in FAST. I need some guidance.  1) AI and Data Science k liye 1 he test ho ga  aur Computer Network Security ka seperate test ho ga toh test pattern kya ho ga? GAT ki trah ho ga ya different? Donu tests main kya difference ho ga?  2)Test main kitny marks required han to secure admission in MS? My CGPA is 2.7.  3) What is fee structure for MS in these programs?
Matric 93% 1st year 84% Chance in AI/Software in FAST-nu Islamabad campus???
88.5 aggregate, kia BsCs me ho jae ga ( open merit )?
 Get Ready if you thinking to apply for admission and visa application for Australia, 2020/2021. The Gov...ernment will recommence granting student visas for offshore students. This means when borders re-open, students will already have visas and be able to make arrangements to travel. Some important points from today’s media released by the Acting Minister for Immigration, Citizenship, Migrant Services and Multicultural Affairs The Hon Dan Tehan MP:   👉International students will be able to lodge a further student visa application free of charge if they are unable to complete their studies within their original visa validity due to COVID-19. 👉Current student visa holders studying online outside Australia due to COVID-19 will be able to use that study to count towards the Australian study requirement for a post-study work visa. 👉Graduates who held a student visa will be eligible to apply for a post-study work visa outside Australia if they are unable to return due to COVID-19. 👉Additional time will be given for applicants to provide English language results where COVID-19 has disrupted access to these services. Feel free to contact us on +61426298153, WhatsApp +61426298153 and Email: info@sarimowais.com
 Get Ready if you thinking to apply for admission and visa application for Australia, 2020/2021. The Gov...ernment will recommence granting student visas for offshore students. This means when borders re-open, students will already have visas and be able to make arrangements to travel. Some important points from today’s media released by the Acting Minister for Immigration, Citizenship, Migrant Services and Multicultural Affairs The Hon Dan Tehan MP:   👉International students will be able to lodge a further student visa application free of charge if they are unable to complete their studies within their original visa validity due to COVID-19. 👉Current student visa holders studying online outside Australia due to COVID-19 will be able to use that study to count towards the Australian study requirement for a post-study work visa. 👉Graduates who held a student visa will be eligible to apply for a post-study work visa outside Australia if they are unable to return due to COVID-19. 👉Additional time will be given for applicants to provide English language results where COVID-19 has disrupted access to these services. Feel free to contact us on +61426298153, WhatsApp +61426298153 and Email: info@sarimowais.com
Matric 83% 1st year 78% any chance in software engineering
Hiring for the new batch. Join us today. We don't speak of ourselves, but our work does.We have 50 seats exclusively for an easiest campaign on earth. Everyone is welcomed including fresh candidates. Handsome salary: Experienced candidates can earn a basic salary up to 200,000/- PKR. Whereas, Fresh candidates start earning from 25,000/- PKR, plus attractive Bonus / Incentives.
Matric 90% Fsc 88% Any chance to come up at the top of list?????
AOA everyone Matric 77% Fsc part 1:50.19% Any chance for admission in Bs accounting and finance... please reply
Hi..mera metric or fsc 1 me 76% ha marks h.kya mera Fast isd me BS Cs me ho jye ga admission
Yahan Kon Kon h just NY B's accounting and finance or bba me apply Kia?? Drop your face and matric marks
Aoa, Can someone please explain k Fast's formula for Alevel students kese use hoga?? My olevel equivalence is 788/900. I'm an Alevel result awaiting candidate.
I have regietered myself in fast university. I received a message which said that upload the required documents. When i tried to upload, the system has only an option to upload olevel documents. So how will I upload my Alevel documents?
Which one has more scope and best bba or B's accounting and finance????
It's a story of a nerd student who couldnt make it to the medical university, because he lacked the necessary ingredients to be smart and bright. But soon, he acquired those skills through the website "yourevaluate.com". The platform gave him the opportunity to compete with other students all around the country, who were preparing for the same entry test exams.
Announcement **Admissions will not be denied on the basis of financial condition of a candidate ** Department of Electrical Engineering. Admissions Open Fall 20...20 BS, MS and PhD Programs.  If you have the passion to explore the innovative power of Engineering, join our graduate and doctoral programs in Electrical Engineering. For admission details please visit: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/ For more details inbox us or email at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk Call us: (+92) 334 112 8128 (+92) 335 112 8128 (+92) 336 112 8128 Website: http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions/
Explainable AI is a set of tools and frameworks to help you develop interpretable and inclusive machine learning models and deploy them with confidence. Stay tuned ad keep an eye on our event page to receive updates and other details regarding this webinar.

#Join_Pak_Army_As_Captain_Through_Direct_Short_Service_Commission_DSSC_Job_July_2020  For apply online click here: https://www.joinpakarmy.gov.pk/
ASSALAM o ALEIKUM! Jinhon ny FAST mn b.s programs k liy apply kia hy, unko aj koi msg aia hy Kia???
Meet our KP Techies serving country in different ways and making their parents feel proud of them. More power to you girls!

The BBA structure at FAST keeps in mind the dynamically changing work environment and the demanding need for all-rounded employees. Join the BBA program to be f...ully prepared to put your best foot forward in the job world. To more information visit:  http://nu.edu.pk/Program/BBA To Apply now visit:  http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/
Kiya ham discipline change kar sakte hain . I want to change it from BBA to Accounting and finance like is it possible now?
#Lahore #jobs #callcenter Hirring good communication staff Male and female both Qualification: #Matric to #onward Salary: 18,000 - 35,000(Depends on the interview) Skills:... > Positive Attitue > Listening power > Communication skills Apply Now Whatsapp: 03229714227 (Miss Fari) Lahore
What is fee of software engineering per samster..? In FAST... Help please

Yahan py koi jawab kiun Ni diata suoi hoi mahkloq Btw Bba ka last yr starting merit baata dain
Do you plan to apply for the Fulbright Scholarship 2021 but still have questions?  Then Join us on coming Monday at 12:00 PM for an exclusive Facebook live sess...ion with an official representative of United States Educational Foundation in Pakistan (USEFP). Mr. Rahat Karim, the Program Officer at USEFP Pakistan (Fulbright Commission) will be answering all your queries regarding Fulbright Scholarship 2021.  

BsCS is best or Bs cyber security?  Anyone can tell?



Skilled Recognized Graduate visa 476 is for the recent engineering graduates that allow them to live, study or work in Australia for up to the duration of 18 mo...nths. This visa provides fresh engineering graduates with full working rights to acquire related skills and workplace experience.
Application for Google for Startups Accelerator: Southeast Asia is now open! The accelerator includes mentorship, access to Google technology experts, and works...hops on product, design, customer acquisition, and leadership development. Learn more and submit your application by July 19 here → g.co/acceleratorSEA
Urgent Python django developer required in islamabad. Basic requirements are listed below. Salary range can be from 25-40k depending upon expertise. 2 salary appraisals yearly plus basic befits 24 paid leaves per year etc. Interested candidates can send cv to af@rapidev.ae or you can contact me directly.

LIVE SESSION at 8:00PM!
 Visit our website for details. Submit your application at http://bit.ly/OdettaOpenings #Spreadtheword #odetta #odettainc #remotejob #applynow #flattenthecurve #sharingiscaring #womenintech #womenindata #dataanalyst #teamleaders #projectmanager




Hi I joined Fast last year for my Masters program in DS but could not continue it due to a personal reason I left it without giving any notice. I want to rejoin Fast how can I do so?
Fast entry test ly raha hai ya nahi yahan tu date di hoi hai enhu ney ungraduate ka test hoga ????
Last year ki bba ki merit list koi share krdy?????
 I have done BSC in Electrical Engineering and also have done MS in Energy. Now, I want to do Masters in Computer Science from FAST.  I know that I can apply for MS in CS after having done BS in EE but I tried doing the same in another university. I passed the test and everything was clear until the last moment, when they said that they won't take me in because I have already done Masters in Energy and now I can't do another Masters... Is it also true for FAST? Please guide, as I couldn't receive any reasonable response from the official mail provided by FAST.
Aoa,just need a little review about Fast University, I'm thinking to apply in Fast  for software engineering is it worth? secondly just need a basic review of the environment..is it friendly? Management? Studies?Stuff is cooperative? and what should i prepare for my entry test if I'm going to opt software engineering? or computer engineering Particularly I'm interested in Computer sciences but  if software engineering is really worth in future should i go for it? Just need a little info and guidance about SE and a basic information about the fast is it good to apply for it in fast University or there are some drawbacks? Just confused between the debate of the  subjects,however computer science is more appealing to me..
I got 1033/1100 marks in Matric and 400/520 marks in Fsc. Can I get admisn in Bscs or Bscyber security? And Plzz tell me about Entry test of FAST.



 Qualification: BBA/MBA (Marketing) Experience: Fresh-6 months (Experience in organizing events/festivals in university and content management) Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk
Looking for a potential candidate who has experience in freelance bidding and with 16 years educations. The graduation should be in BBA (HR, Marketing etc) or relevant field.
Facebook Live! Virtual Open House: BBA & BS(A&F) at FAST School of Management by senior faculty members and program coordinators. Time: 2:00 PM
1st year 😭380/520 how much marks in nts required to secure position in bs Cyber security,bs artificial intelligence,bs data science?

Is it necessary to have studied maths in order to apply for bba?
Assalam o alikum, Fast loan kisa basis pr dati hai or jo financial aid ka date diya howa hai interview k liya wo interview kisa liya hote hai? loan lena k bad graduate tak loan dena parta hai ya pr job k time dena hoga PLEASE COMPLETELY GUIDE ME ,All alot of students yahi pochna chahti hai  #THANKS😊

64.83 mai kya cs ya cyber security mai hojaye ga ?

Name the best University in Islamabad For IT...Only Name one University...!!!



online foam ka link dy do koi or BBA ke bary me bata do
Kin kin ne fee submit karwaa li aur documents bhi submit krliye (Isb campus)?
Any body can guide me...How is the field of AI(Artificial Intelligence) studying in Fast University.... I'm New here.... I need a lot of Guideness related to this field.....I have recently completed fsc...I'm worried too due to corona pandemic....My marks in matric is 89%..in fsc 79%.

Expected merit of fast isl in SE dept
Can anyone plz tell me mene aik hafta pehle Fast Isl me Registration ki hai to email ya sms kab tak aayega? Anxiously waiting for their response

Can any one tell me What is the Fee Structure of FAST NU ? (Program BSCS)
Bba ka kya merit hai


AoA, last Sunday I submitted my admission application for FAST-NUCES. I entered my phone number in personal information. But some days back my phone fell down and wasn"t starting and can't take out the SIM tray. Hopefully, I would be able to recover the SIM in a week or more(Corona outbreak in our region is so high now a days, so unsure about it).. The question is: Will I face any problem if I don't receive any message , like the one everyone got about application being accepted? And secondly, will we receive any Email from FAST-NUCES if we are selected?  PS I tried to edit my application(as there was an option) but was not able to change the phone number. Thankyou for co-operation in advance.
Looking for the Writers Experience in** Data Structures Algorithms .** Candidates with the respective skills inbox.
Looking for the Writers Experience in** Data Structures Algorithms .** Candidates with the respective skills inbox.

I got 77% in matric and 50.19% in fsc.. any chance for admission  in bscs,BBA,bs accounting and finance,data science , artificial intelligence please guide me
 Sharing is caring 👩‍🎨👨‍🎨 These are the *online free courses* if you are interested to conduct... any session other than these you can contact us  - Drawing 1 (sketching/ charcoal/ portrait/ graphite/ some other pencils) - Portrait making (with paints/colorpecils) - Calligraphy - Water Painting - Pastel work - Oil Painting - Acrylic Painting - Poster Painting - Print Making - Miniature Pencil Lead carving  - Architecture - Miniature art - Digital Painting - Textile Designing  - Fashion Designing - Freelancing - Graphics Designing  - Digital Marketing - Web Developing - Videography - Photography - Creative Work - Designing Work - Arts And Craft


I have choices bscs, bsse, and bsee. Ab mujjey admission dyna chahiye?

Would it better to join BS in DS rather than joining BS in CS or in BS SE ?? I am from karachi but wanna get admission in Islamabad campus .. my percentage is 88.4% in XI
71.54 % can I get admission in fast isb in  CS SE AI EE
wht is the eligibility criteria for Bs(cs)?
Matric 77 % Fsc 52%  Any chance for admission in BBA ??

Aoa, I am currently doing MS environmental engineering from NUST Islamabad. Regarding my thesis work, I need a little favor from members of this group. It is a request that people who are currently accommodated in Islamabad and own a vehicle (car) need to fill this. Your support will be highly appreciated. It will only take a minute. 

Hi everyone...I am looking for a programmer who can help me out in creating algorithms for forex trading. if anyone interested then do drop me a message.
 FAST NUCES Peshawar Campus, is taking the lead in women empowerment initiatives in KP by offering 50% tuition fee waiv...er to all women enrolled in the campus from Fall semester 2020 and onward (BS, MS, PhD). This momentous step by the University aims to encourage women in Tech and Engg in KP to empower the future generation of Pakistan. Know More: Visit http://www.nu.edu.pk To apply: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR
who have recieved msg from fast nu of registration successfully

Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently, it is looking for an experienced Software Quality Assurance Engineer who is interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: -2 years of experience in  QA in any reputed Organization -Knowledge of QA processes, methodologies, and industry best practices -Ability to analyze system features and functionality and determining the... best approach and techniques to test (black box, white box, stress/load, data integrity, security, automation) -Conduct software testing effectively and efficiently across desktop, web , mobile and emerging technologies -Proven experience of testing on different browsers after deployment -Develop and exhibit advanced level knowledge of QA lifecycle -Understand business requirements, prepare test estimates and test plans, conduct test execution and prepare results -Proven experience on product having clients is huge plus -Handle the ripple effect on requirement change -Automation experience is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Nextbridge Pvt Ltd. immediately requires 3-5 iOS Software Engineers with 2.5+ years of related professional experience in Lahore office. Interested candidates can send their resumes at maryam.khalid@nxb.com.pk - Swift , REALM , MVVM/MVP (ideally) - Objective-C - React Native experience will be a plus - Object-Oriented Programming with Objective-C - Xcode IDE - Cocoa Touch Fundamentals Guide - SDK concepts - C++ (Object Oriented) - Development experience for hand held devices (iPalm/Symbion/Windows Mobile etc) - MapKit Integration - Application submission on app store process - Threads and Operations management - Cocoa Touch frameworks - Json, XML - Server side interaction - Strong grip of Sqlite database - Automatic Reference Counting - Cocos 2D and Core Data will be plus
The person should be able to work on e-commerce solutions using e-commerce frameworks like Magento etc. He/she should can communicate in English for professional communication. The person should have an ability to conquer problems and issues and deliver. A team player and a good learner. This is not a remote job and we will need the developer to work from our office based in Peshawar.
Has anyone applied for Fast Study loan?  Is there any eligibility criteria to apply for the loan?
 Link to apply: https://www.erozgaar.pitb.gov.pk/apply Steps to apply: - Click on link given above - Fill the form with your information and create your signup (Provide actual information because you'll be asked to get this information verified later on) - After signup you’ll receive an email and SMS containing your login details - Login through the candidate login link available in the email using the login ID and password details present in the same email - After successful login, You'll be asked to attempt a MCQs based online test consisting of 30 questions in 30 minutes (Make sure you have stable internet and power backup because failure of power/internet may cause blockage to test access) - After signup, You will have 72 hours to give your online test. Otherwise your application will be considered null and void. The eligibility criteria is as follows: - Punjab domicile - Maximum age: 35 years - Education: At least 16 years - Employment Status: Unemployed The 3 domains that candidates can select one from are: 1. Technical 2. Content Marketing & Advertising 3. Creative Design *Freelancing Course will be taught in all 3 domains" so that all our students can monetize their skills and make a handsome amount of money through online means. #eRozgaar #UETTaxila #PITB #AdmissionsOpen #Freelancing #WorkFromHome #EmpoweringYouth #DigitalPakistan #SkillsOfTheFuture #WomenEmpowerment #DigitalSkills #SelfEmployment #OnlineJobs #futureHiring Junaid Ali Rana Faizan Zaheer Punjab Information Technology Board (PITB) University of Engineering and Technology (UET) , Taxila
I had Done BS Honor In Computer Science From GCUF with 68 %.So now am working Android App development. I wanna to Admit Fast Uni for MS Kindly Suggest me. FAST is Good Uni for MS? And Kindly Suggest me About What type of Specialization is Better in Computer Science?

#NewsCenter #CoronaVirusInPakistan #COVID19Pakistan  We're bringing you live from Islamabad, where Students are Protesting & Speaking to Media about HEC On...lince Classes & Universities charging fees from students in these days of lockdown for last 4 months. News Center is one of the fastest updating platform of Pakistan bringing you the latest current affairs from Pakistan and around the world via YouTube, Facebook & Twitter.                               Subscribe to the Official News Center YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy15RPFAIS1TFTfBdscQ69Q/ 
FAST, Peshawar campus is facilitating women by offering a 50% scholarship to all admitted female applicants. Join Peshawar Campus for incomparable academic expo...sure and unlimited opportunities. Apply now! Deadline for admissions: July, 30th 2020 To apply: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ Programs offered: - BS (Electrical Engineering)  - BS (Software Engineering)  - BS (Computer Science)  - MS (Electrical Engineering)  - MS (Data Science)  - MS (Computer Science)  - PhD (Electrical Engineering)  - PhD (Computer Science)  For more details inbox us or email at admission.pwr@nu.edu.pk 
Nextbridge Pvt Ltd is looking for 7-8 x PHP Engineers; who are self-starters with 2.5+ years of hands-on experience in building interactive web applications. Position is based in Lahore and Islamabad office. Interested candidates can send in their resumes at yasir.rehman@nxb.com.pk -CS/IT/Software Engineering degree holders with 2.5 years+ post graduation experience in PHP based web development from scratch using Laravel(ideally) or any other PHP MVC frameworks -Sound concepts of OOP, Databases, Requirement Engineering, Application Architecture, PHP (basics to advance level) are a must
Sensotech (www.sensotech.org) has multiple full time job as well as internship opportunities for its office based in Lahore. Remote work is possible. 1. Embedded firmware developers  (Experience in ARM architecture based e-systems is a must) 2. Software developers  (Experience in .NET framework, databases is a must)... 3. Mechanical Engineer  (Experience in SolidWorks is a must) Minimum BS Engineering degree is required. Visit our website for more details and applicants are encouraged to apply through company's LinkedIn page: https://www.linkedin.com/company/34745417 Freshers (or non-relevant experience holders) can apply for internship while min 2-3 years relevant experience is required for full time job.
Techovative is UK based company providing services in healthcare/ telemedicine sector. We are looking for talented Android Developer to take ownership of development of mobile app and work closely with the design team to build amazing mobile app. Expect to move fast to take lead in all the things in Android mobile development. We are a Technology company and you need to have in-depth knowledge of mobile application development & best practices in Android platform. Knowledge o...f iOS will be a plus. Details: • Hands on experience interfacing to back-end APIs (Firebase, other APIs) • In-depth knowledge of Restful API, different logging framework, and offline storage • Experience working in a team environment • Solid experience in SQLite, Realm, ROOM • Maintain code and write unit-test for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability. • Good knowledge of different Android versions and it’s feature and different library • Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable code • Should be innovative to maximize development efficiency. • Experience with multi-threading programming and developing highly secured app • Can work with minimum supervision • Ability to act like a product manager to define and prioritize features and implement them • “Ownership” attitude versus simply doing by instruction—constant internal drive to make the user experience and overall brand better, and an eagerness to understand and apply the latest design principles • Understanding of technical products, and are excited to take complicated problems and make them simple for our customers to control and manage • Experience in working and collaborating with diverse teams in a dynamic, rapid growth environment • An outstanding portfolio showcasing a depth of knowledge in user experience, interaction, and visual/user interface design • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools  • Design, evaluate, update and maintain cross-platform applications • Document the Analysis, Design and Development phases • Translate client’s information into a functional application • Develop functional and technical specifications for projects • Determine all necessary coding requirements for the project/application Other Responsibilities include: • Advising the executives on the necessities and information required for the project. • Taking part in the preliminary planning of the project, meeting and discussing ideas related to it. Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Senior Software Engineer (.Net MVC C#) Techovative, is an UK based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 3+ years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • Str...ong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus • Experience in finance related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
 -> Campaign: Mobility, SEO, medical, Students Insurance, DTV, Dish Tv, UK energy, US energy, Spectrum, Security Alarm
FAST NU has announced admission for fall 2020
So here is our first Solo Singing Contestant, Mr. Maaz Khan with his soulful voice. Wishing you the best!
 #Callcenter #callcenterjob #Lahorejobs #getjobsinlahore #getjobs #jobs #telemarketing #jobincallcenter #homebasedjobs



Ya semester nai asan bas Etna samaj lijeya          ik agh ka Darya ha our doob Kay Jana ha #wargay 😂

 Hope you all are in good health. We know that being quarantined has become very boring and frustrating. Therefore  IEEE has arranged an online Session on Amal Academy so that you can learn some new skills . Amal Academy (Urdu: عمل اکیڈمی‎) is an education venture with the following mission: To use lifelong learning and continuous action to enable a society where everyone is reaching their full potential.

اَللَّهُمَّ أَجِرْنِي مِنَ النَّارِ "O, Allah! save me from hell (fire)" The third Ashra is known for “nijat”. At the end of the Ramadan, we are seeking Allah's... protection from hellfire. Allah knows the best and is Ghafoor and Raheem.  May He gives us the strength to seek mercy, guide us to the righteous path and protect us from hellfire. Ameen! #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS
Last date to apply is Sunday, May 24.
guys what will you prefer civil engineering from normal University or electrical engineering from achi University.plz someone guide me
Techovative is UK based company providing services in healthcare/ telemedicine sector. We are looking for talented Senior Android Developer to take ownership of development of mobile app and work closely with the design team to build amazing mobile app. Expect to move fast to take lead in all the things in Android mobile development. We are a Technology company and you need to have in-depth knowledge of mobile application development & best practices in Android platform. Know...ledge of iOS will be a plus. Details: • Hands on experience interfacing to back-end APIs (Firebase, other APIs) • In-depth knowledge of Restful API, different logging framework, and offline storage • Experience working in a team environment • Solid experience in SQLite, Realm, ROOM • Maintain code and write unit-test for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability. • Good knowledge of different Android versions and it’s feature and different library • Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable code • Should be innovative to maximize development efficiency. • Experience with multi-threading programming and developing highly secured app • Can work with minimum supervision • Ability to act like a product manager to define and prioritize features and implement them • “Ownership” attitude versus simply doing by instruction—constant internal drive to make the user experience and overall brand better, and an eagerness to understand and apply the latest design principles • Understanding of technical products, and are excited to take complicated problems and make them simple for our customers to control and manage • Experience in working and collaborating with diverse teams in a dynamic, rapid growth environment • An outstanding portfolio showcasing a depth of knowledge in user experience, interaction, and visual/user interface design • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools  • Design, evaluate, update and maintain cross-platform applications • Document the Analysis, Design and Development phases • Translate client’s information into a functional application • Develop functional and technical specifications for projects • Determine all necessary coding requirements for the project/application Other Responsibilities include: • Advising the executives on the necessities and information required for the project. • Taking part in the preliminary planning of the project, meeting and discussing ideas related to it. Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
#Hiring Staff males/Females Matric to Masters No target Limited seats available Apppy now... 03229714227
⭐𝐍𝐄𝐖 𝐄𝐌𝐏𝐋𝐎𝐘𝐌𝐄𝐍𝐓 𝐎𝐏𝐏𝐎𝐑𝐓𝐔𝐍𝐈𝐓𝐈𝐄𝐒⭐ 👉 Required Staff male and female for Call center work. ✓Salary : 18k to 45k/(incentives + bonuses)- ✓Fresh Candidates can also apply ✓Education requiref matric to Bachelor... ✓Limited seats 📍Location: Different areas of Lahore #jobsinlahore #callcenter #officejob #homebasedjobs #parttimejob #jobs #fulltimejob #lahore #calls #Pakistan #getjobsinlahore #jobs #telephoneoperator #needstaffincallcenter #needjobs
“Do not be defined and controlled by whatever disorder you have. Know your limitations, but also know that limitations are there to be defied! Go out and do wha...tever you like in life and whatever is possible for you to do. Don’t be controlled by your genes” -Priya Malhotra, a thalassaemic The International Thalassaemia Day, celebrated annually on the 8th of May, is a commemoration day in honour of all patients with thalassaemia and their parents who have never lost hope for life, despite the burden of their disease. Blood Donor Society encourages patients who are fighting thalassaemia across the world. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS

*Important Decisions of NCOC =* 1: Small markets to be opened from sehri till 5pm 3: OPDs to be opened for general public 5: All board exams cancelled nationwide. They will be evaluated on basis of previous results.

Fasting is a shield; so when one of you is fasting he should neither indulge in obscene language nor should he raise his voice in anger. If someone attacks him or insults him, let him say: “I am fasting!”
 We are setting the stage for YOU to show the world your talents! (Music, Stand up Comedy, Recital, Life Hacks and DIY, Movie... or Series Review, Baking and Cooking, Single Act -Acting or any other creative pursuit). You can check clips from our live show last week. What would you like to do in the Q-Times show, where we celebrate creativity and inspire others in these testing times.

يَا حَيُّ يَا قَيُّومُ بِرَحْمَتِكَ أَسْتَغِيثُ                                                                                                                 ...  “O! My Lord forgive and have mercy, and You are the Best of Merciful.” First, Ashra of Ramadan demands from us to be merciful to our fellow beings, giving charity to those who deserve, treat others well by controlling our temper, and help people whenever, wherever, and never say no to them. May Allah Almighty help us to fulfill our obligations. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS
"The month of Ramadan in which was revealed the Qur'an, a guidance for mankind and clear proofs for the guidance and the criterion (between right and wrong)......." Surat al Baqara, 2:185. Ramadan is the holiest month, spent by Muslim fasting during the daylight hours from dawn to sunset. It is a month of blessings, the revelation of honesty, sincerity, self-discipline, and spirituality for Muslims. Blood Donor Society encourages all the Muslims to offer more prayers on this prestigious Islamic month of Ramzan. #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe  #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS
 Wanted to contribute with ideas to solve complex health problem. We are looking to accommodate by creating multiple opportunities at Lahore and Islamabad



FCS in collaboration with FEGS is arranging a fund raising PUBG tournament to support Goonj society in helping the poor and needy people in these tough times.

FCS in collaboration with FEGS is arranging a fund raising FIFA tournament to support Goonj society in helping the poor and needy people in these tough times.
Islamabad: Female Customer Relationship Officer required for a leading IT company in Islamabad 
Any one from Cyber security?
We are looking for an SEO Expert (Digital Marketing) to work with us on our on-going projects. You must have a minimum 1 year of experience in SEO and Digital Marketing industry and at-least the clear knowledge of On-Page and Off-Page SEO strategies 2-Good command over On-Page SEO and their essential elements. 3-Must have a good comment on OFF SEO techniques including Local SEO, Guest Posting, Outreach Guest Blogging, Social Media Pages Optimization and understanding of 3-Pack Optimization 4- Complete understanding of Google Search Console and Google Analytics 5- Work with the development team to ensure SEO best practices are properly implemented on the newly developed code



Outbound calling  Spectrum / Dtv / At&T  Minimum 1 year ExperienceJob Details Industry: BPO Call Center Functional Area: Telemarketing... Total Positions: 50 Positions Job Shift: Third Shift (Night) 7 pm to 4 am Monday to Friday Job Type: Contract Job Location: wapda town , Lahore, Pakistan Gender: Male/Females Minimum Education: Intermediate/A-Level Career Level: Expert Experience: Fresh – Minimum 1 Year in SPECTRUM/AT&T/Direct TV as a closer Apply Before: Apr 25, 2020 Posting Date: Apr 18 , 2020. Job Description We are looking for an enthusiastic Telesales Representative to contribute to generating sales for our company. You will be responsible for closing sales deals over the phone and maintaining good customer relationships. Candidate must be comfortable presenting products or services over the phone. Requirements: Good knowledge of relevant computer programs (e.g. CRM software) and telephone systems Ability to learn about products and services and describe/explain them to prospects Excellent knowledge of English Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Cool-tempered and able to handle rejection Outstanding negotiation skills with the ability to resolve issues and address complaints Job Specification Contact potential customers to inform them about a product or service using scripts Answer questions about products or the company Ask questions to understand customer requirements and close sales Enter and update customer information in the database Take and process orders in an accurate manner Go the “extra mile” to meet sales quota and facilitate future sales Keep records of calls and sales and note useful information Skill Basic computer knowledge English Fluency MS Excel MS

Business Development Executive/ Online Bidding Expert Netmatico offers Digital Services (Graphics, Websites, Social Media Marketing etc.). We are looking for an experienced and passionate Business Development Executive who can meet the Sales Targets. The ideal candidate should be responsible for: • Acquiring business through different channels (Upwork, Freelancer, Fiver, Guru, PeoplePerHour). • Prior experience in bidding with grip on Upwork and Freelancer.com etc. is must.... • Acquiring business through outbound calling & email campaigns.  • Quality project selection and bidding. • Writing proposals and customizing each proposal based on the nature of the project. • Project price estimation, quote, proposal creation, talking with client and closure. • Gather client requirements, communicate the requirements with the team and deliver the project to the client. Talking on phone, chatting applications and Skype depending on the requirement from the client • Maintain very high rating on all platforms. • Maintain a healthy relationship with the client(s) and keep a strong follow up. • Experience with interacting with clients in US/ UK / Canada / Australia is a must. • Convert the leads into sales opportunities. • Maintain and update the CRM with accurate data on regular basis. • Focused on customer satisfaction and ensure to resolve all the issues vigilantly.  Skills Required • A-Levels/Graduates /Post Graduate. • Ambitious, Passionate and Target Oriented.  • Strong Sales and Marketing skills. • Experienced in Selling IT Solutions. • Aptitude to Multitask and Prioritize. • Exceptional Communication Skills with expertise in English language. • Have Effective Time Management and Organizational Skills. Excellent Basic Salary + Commission will be awarded, with different commission slabs as per the sales target. This is a sales target-based job, so only 2-5+ years experienced candidates are requested to apply. Job Type: Regular (Office based + Remote)  Timing: Night Shift (6:00pm-3:00am) Office Address: E-11/1 Islamabad. Contact: career@netmatico.com

نبی کریم صلی اللہ علیہ وسلم نے فرمایا ” دو نعمتیں ایسی ہیں کہ اکثر لوگ ان کی قدر نہیں کرتے، صحت اور فراغت۔( صحیح بخآری 6412) World Health Day is observed on 7 A...pril as a global health awareness day. This is the tough time for the approx. whole world is affected by COVID-19. World Health Day 2020 is dedicated to the nurses and midwives who are at the forefront and curing the people from COVID-19 infection #Stay_Home_Stay_Safe #Humanity_deserves_to_be_served #UET_BDS

Career Pakistan (CP) is looking for candidates for the position of Team Lead AI Expert at a Company. Location: Karachi. Salary: No Salary Info. Position Title: Team Lead AI Expert Location: Karachi Salary: No Salary Info Essential Requirements (by Career Pakistan): Function: -- Experience in Deep Learning and Python -- Experience of managing a team [Note: Please mention number of people you have managed in your CV] -- Experience in most of the following: Neural Networks, Checkerboard, Generative Approach, Chess, Technews Identification, and Predictive Algorithms Years of Experience: Minimum 2 to 5 years of relevant work experience Preferred Qualification: MS in Deep Learning/Artificial Intelligence
#UPDATE COLLECTED:- Rs.3000 REMAINING:- Rs.47000 LETS SAVE PAKISTAN FROM #CORONAVIRUS TOGETHER. HELP THOSE PEOPLE WHO ARE AFFECTED BY THIS DISEASE. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE DAILY WAGERS. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE LOST THEIR JOBS BECAUSE OF THIS DISEASE.DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE IN REAL NEED OF FOOD. Join our #SAATH program. And we will together bring happiness on the faces of many people. #SAATH will be in SIALKOT from 13-April-2020. DONATE FOR A CAUSE. DON’T WAIT FOR HOLY MONTHS TO DONATE.
SECISYS is offering vPT (Virtual Penetration Testing) Services during corona virus outbreak... #secisys #penetrationtesting #coronavirusoutbreak #applicationsec...urity #cybersecurity #workfromhome #workfromhomejobs #ethicalhacking #exploitation #informationsecurity #vulnerabilities #vulnerabilityassessment
#UPDATE COLLECTED:- Rs.3000 REMAINING:- Rs.47000 LETS SAVE PAKISTAN FROM #CORONAVIRUS TOGETHER. HELP THOSE PEOPLE WHO ARE AFFECTED BY THIS DISEASE. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE DAILY WAGERS. DONATE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE LOST THEIR JOBS BECAUSE OF THIS DISEASE.DONATE FOR THOSE WHO ARE IN REAL NEED OF FOOD. Join our #SAATH program. And we will together bring happiness on the faces of many people. #SAATH will be in SIALKOT from 13-April-2020. DONATE FOR A CAUSE. DON’T WAIT FOR HOLY MONTHS TO DONATE.
Softnate, a start-up is looking for candidates for its web development internship program. This is a leading to job internship. Since this is a remote job, you are required to work at home as per your convenient time. We are task oriented rather than time oriented. Responsibilities: • Proficiency in web designing languages such as HTML, CSS and bootstrap;... • Experience with JavaScript; • Experience with Typescript will be a benefit, but not necessary; • Creative in designing UI/UX; • Experience with Database is a plus; • Proven debugging and performance testing skills and Instruments; • Able to work on challenges; • Work with cross-disciplinary teams;
Dear Students, Please note that the online classes will continue as per the timetable. Kindly take care of your classes and be in close contact with your instru...ctors through google Classroom/ google meet. The details of policy decisions regarding the academic schedule of the current semester will be shared with you through email very soon.




#Covering_the_entire_Punjab Under the initiative of #SAATH Program, we have have distributed 200+ kg of food items among daily wagers at our Gujranwala office. ...The SAATH program is specifically for daily wagers, supporting their living. Our next drive is at Sialkot and Gujrat. Support us and donate us, so that we can continue this noble act. And this drive will be continued to next cities. #working_towards_a_bright_future #fighting_against_COVID19
My brothers and sisters listen, in islam to endure brutality is a sin, Today muslims are being brutalised all over the world and we are doing nothing against it..., Our Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) fought against brutality and human rights violation. Then why muslims are quiet on this great brutality. Do you know that about 10 Million muslims are in open prisone in Kashmir and they are not allowed to visit mosques and holy places like the Holy Kaaba. It is an open gesture of allah to closed the Holy Kaaba for us because we were silent on closed Mosques, brutality and insult of Islam in Kashmir, Syria and India. Listen it is and was our sin to being quiet on this brutality.

The virus doesn't move, people move it. We stop moving, the virus stops, it dies, it's that simple. #SocialDistancing is the only way to keep safe - follow what is being said for yourself & others.

#UPDATE:- COLLECTED:- Rs.30000 REMAINING:- Rs.220000 Aoa, THEN Foundation is donating Ration Box under the program SAATH.... This initiative program is to support the living of lower class of the society.
Can anybody know the aggregate of merit no 1 in software engg

 #secisys #coronishing #coronavirus #workingfromhome #workfromhome #datasecurity #bestpractices

We are looking for an SEO Expert (Digital Marketing) to work with us on our on-going projects. You must have a minimum 1 year of experience in SEO and Digital Marketing industry and at-least the clear knowledge of On-Page and Off-Page SEO strategies 2-Good command over On-Page SEO and their essential elements. 3-Must have a good comment on OFF SEO techniques including Local SEO, Guest Posting, Outreach Guest Blogging, Social Media Pages Optimization and understanding of 3-Pack Optimization 4- Complete understanding of Google Search Console and Google Analytics 5- Work with the development team to ensure SEO best practices are properly implemented on the newly developed code
We are looking for a content manager to organize and manage web content of our websites. Anyone having more than 2 years of experience in content writing and having managerial skills is eligible for this post. This is an office-based job ------------->DUTIES OF CONTENT MANAGER<------------- - Overseeing all content creation activities by our writers. - Working closely with the marketing team to devise a web content strategy that aligns with the company's wider goals... - Creation of a content marketing calendar to ensure regular content on our websites throughout the year - Targeting keywords set by the online marketing manager.
 As per the directives of Govt. Lahore Campus will remain closed till 5th April 2020 for Students, Faculty & Staff. The University has pl...anned to conduct classes online. For which, you will receive an email from your HoD office containing all the details soon.  Students are requested to regularly check their university email for updates.

#UPDATE:- COLLECTED:- RS.30000 REMAINING:- Rs.220000 That’s why we are giving free masks to the people. But in this case we need your financial support. DONATE GENEROUSLY AND SAVE THOUSANDS OF LIVES. #WORKING_TOWARDS_A_BRIGHT_FUTURE
Back in 1995, Astera Software was founded with the zeal to put the power of extracting insights from data into the hands of business users and brace the technic...al IT squads to be the driver of change in the organization. Fast-forward today, Astera is an established data solutions provider that enables Fortune 500 companies and enterprises to bring data-driven innovation.

(11th March, Wednesday)  An F-16 fighter airplane ✈️ of the #PakistanAirForce crashed near Pak-China friendship Centre in Islamabad during rehearsals of #23rdMarch parade. May Allah bless the brave pilot Wing Commander #NomanAkram.😭😭‬ ‪Ameen 🤲‬ ‪#Islamabad ‬

 Responsibilities: 1. Translate user needs and business requirements into tangible ideas such as rough sketches... and user journey maps. 2. Need to have a strong understanding of user interface design patterns and how data can be presented in variety of ways according to the use-case 3. Define interaction models, user task flows, and UI specifications 4. Define and produce UI specifications, mockups/wireframes, end-to-end experiences, interaction models and screen designs 5. Create, revise and update designs based on continuing user research, market research, changing business requirements, usability testing and feedback 6. Conduct testing of sample applications, websites and software to Assess user experience and ease of design 7. Design the aesthetics to be implemented within a website or product, from the layout menus and drop-down options to colors and fonts allowing for interface edits as needed 8. Analyze customer responses and website data to examine high traffic web pages and determine why certain webpages perform better 9. Enhance user experience by creating seamless navigation through various digital programs and interfaces within the company Qualifications: 1. Demonstrated experience in creating and implementing UX design 2. Proficient with visual design programs such as Adobe Creative suite and others 3. Ability to work effectively in a collaborative environment to create top-performing interfaces for clients 4. Experience with coding and ability to troubleshoot using HTML, CSS and comparable languages 5. Continued education and research into UX trends and current design strategy and technologies 6. Experience creating storyboards and website mapping Interested candidates can share their portfolio at hr@orbit-ed.com

We Require Full stack Developer at Islamabad office Front end and backend developer with graphics experience Knowledge of data entry
 Required Skills:  - Experience with Ruby on Rails, along with other common libraries such as RSpec,... Resque and minitest. - Good understanding of the syntax of Ruby and its nuances. - Solid understanding of object-oriented programming . - Good understanding of server-side templating languages such as Liquid, Slim, etc. General Skills - Knowledge and hands on experience of Design/architectural patterns e.g. MVC - Good understanding of Database schema, design, optimization, scalability. - Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors like SASS and SCSS. - Experience of version control using Git. - Ability to write reusable code with proper structuring and naming conventions. Interested Candidates can share their CVs at hr@orbit-ed.com
 3. Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors like SASS and SCSS. 4. Understanding of programming templates and architecture design guidelines  Interested candidates can share their C.V at hr@orbit-ed.com
We are looking male and female staff for CSR in our new branch  Murree Road Rawalpindi. Responsibilities:-- ****A customer service representative      supports customers by providing helpful information. Note:-- Full time and part time  Male and female both can apply. Intersted candidate send ur resume at 03072993420
 Careem stands out as the epitome of a top notch travelling experience and providing its passengers with the safest trip possible. They have an assortment of ride types to select from, so that your travel is secure and easy on the pocket.
we need a staff required management officer and marketing officer Aistant officer and other post available we provide a handsome income packages male and female any interested person send their cv whatapp num..03165530123

 Gear up, get hyped and stay connected for more updates!


We Require Full stack Developer at Islamabad office Front end and backend developer with graphics experience Knowledge of data entry

 Become a part of female-powered platform! Work remotely with our team of 100+ IT professionals according to your flexible work...ing hours. Explore work diversity with lots of learning and venture of professional growth.  Eligibility: - English fluency - Bachelor degree in Computer Science, preferably, major in Business Analytics, Machine Learning or Data Sciences. Master or Ph.D. is a plus  - Have taken Data Science courses - Experience with software - Located in the Middle East or South Asia region - Available to contribute a minimum of 25 hours per week - Computer access with stable internet and a Google Drive - High attention to detail - Willingness to learn and a growth mindset Apply at WWW (dot) ODETTA (dot)  AI/APPLY #OdettaInc #womenintech #WomeninPower #wearehiring #remotework #datascience #dataanalyst #datascientist #womeninSTEM

Urgent required Male and Female candidates for indoor office base work no outdoor activities.  Part time and full time both options. Flexible timing. 
 Qualification: BSCS/ BS IT


Fast ka admission kab open ho gay ?? Any idea

Yeh fast ke jo merit scholarships hote he entry test ke merit ke hisab se dete he yeah fsc bhi count karte he

 Forward your resume at msshpk@gmail.com
Bhaion yeh fast me jo merit scholarships hote he har campus me alag alag dete he
Does fast deduct aggregate for year gap in undergraduate?
Need an environmental engineering expert to do lab reports every week. Pm me for further job details


Lahore: Java and React Developers required for Blockchain Focused software giant
Mid Level Software Engineer (.Net MVC C#) Techovative, is an IT based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 2 years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • S...trong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus • Experience in finance related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co.uk
Islamabad: Belgium based Technology Outsourcing Company ie expanding Mobile team in Islamabad office:

Matric: 85.5545% Inter I: 72.3077% How much score do I need to have in NU/NAT tests to secure admission in BSCS?
Ukarain Multinational is expanding its growing Tech team of Islamabad Office and has openings for: Benefits: Performance based monthly bonuses, commute expenses to and from home to office, daily snacks and meals, flexible hours
we need a staff required for office base work managmemt marketing and sochial media expert office boys we provide a handsome income packages any interested person male and female send their cv on.whatapp num..03165530123
GDG Cloud Islamabad and Women Techmakers Islamabad bring you the most exciting celebration of International Women's Day 2020 in Islamabad. The event is open for all genders.
 Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world they are not the problem. They're the solution. We should join hands to empower every single female and to empower our own selves. 

 industry: UK Accounting course provider 1) CA.ACCA OR business graduate/student with strong accounting software knowledge like Sage. Xero. bookkeeping .Vat etc    just call them guide them ,convince to go for free consultation in our UK office
Hiring Office Assistant for a US software company remotely. Excellent in writing & speaking English, scheduling, meeting engagements, client coordination, documentation & presentations. Minimum 1 year experience, offering PKR 75K-100K/- plus benefits. Apply now at info@worldhiring.com | #Seceratary | Pak Timings: 5:00PM-03:00AM
Looking for a technical writer who has an ENGINEERING background. Will pay a competitive compensation. Please inbox with a couple of Technical Writing Samples.


At FAST NUCES Lahore, we invest in knowledge and opportunity that strains to stand out in the crowd while outshining in your respective field. 

Job Applications are CLOSED NOW.
Take off in T minus 5 seconds! ... 4 3 2 1... its up and away. The dynamics are the key here. Get your blueprints ready as we have a mission to land on the moon.... Only the best rockets can go the distance.
ACM brings you the most awaited event of the year. Join us for this Year's SOFTCOM where programming  minds will battle for ruthless efficiency in their codes a...nd Striving to improve their abilities. https://acmgiki.com/ambassador.php

we need a staff required for office base work management  and marketing  we provide a  handsome income packages male and female any interested person send their cv whatapp num..03165530123
 Looking for a platform to exhibit your talent? So the wait is over. SOFTEC'20 being the biggest IT even...t brings a chance for all young kids to discover your  hidden talent with Ideas Xtreme Competition. With Ideas Xtreme, unleash your unique ideas and avail a chance to share it with everyone.  So register yourself and step forward to become a future IT expert!
Hello. Please help if you know.  I was a medical student last year and obtained 86% marks in FSC pre-medical but didn't get admission in MBBS so I decided to do additional maths this year and gave exams of them.  Now, my result still awaits of FSC Pre-Engineering of both first year and second year so can I add my fsc pre medical marks while applying for fast? Because if I add only matric marks, my aggregate score will be significantly lower due to that 0.9 factor. Can someone guide please?

𝗙𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝗕𝗲𝗴𝗶𝗻𝗻𝗲𝗿 𝘁𝗼 𝗙𝗹𝘂𝘁𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝗗𝗲𝘃𝗲𝗹𝗼𝗽𝗲𝗿 𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝗝𝘂𝘀𝘁 𝗢𝗻𝗲 𝗪𝗼𝗿𝗸𝘀𝗵𝗼𝗽 By getting this workshop, you can be rest assured that the course is carefully thought out and made fo...r you. There are beautiful presentations that explain all the difficult concepts. * Fundamental Flutter concepts e.g. Stateful vs. Stateless Widgets, Widget tree, state management, animations, themes and much more. * Fundamental Dart concepts e.g. lists, maps, enums, loops, futures, streams, classes, and much more.  * Concepts of Object Oriented Programming (OOP): The type system, variables, functions and methods, inheritance, classes and protocols. * Control Structures: Using If/­Else clauses, Switch statements and logic to control the flow of execution. * Software Design: How to organize and format code for readability and how to implement the Model ­View­ Controller (MVC) design pattern. * Networking: How to make asynchronous API calls, store and retrieve data from the cloud, and use the JSON format for server communication. * State Management: How to use setState, prop drilling, lifting state up, callbacks and the Provider package to manage app state.


Looking for app developer (Android and iOS) Internee can apply also.
As part of research support internal grant by NUCES, the faculty members at the university can get funding of upto 1 Million for their research ideas. Last date to apply for the Faculty Research Support Grant Spring 2020 is February 07, 2020,

candidate must have 1 year experience in wordpress and custom PHP





Supposedly if we don’t fulfil the requirements for HSSC part 2 result will they seriously cancel our admission??



Circular Byte is looking for an iOS developer who has the experience of over one year at minimum. Knows how to deal with google maps, Restful Api's, and UI/UX. Individual should be dedicated to the work and to time is must.  Contract will be based on the project requirements and if he or she delivered what is being expected than future contracts can be discussed.  Bring down your updated CV between 3 PM to 7PM at Circular Byte on Friday 24th January and Saturday 25th January. Late Candidates won't be addressed by Company!
Salam Bhai koi SE ya CS ka student 1st ya 2nd semester ka??  I need some help.plz 😊
Awareness session for the Presidential Initiative for Artificial Intelligence & Computing (PIAIC)
Assalam u Alaikum I need lab journals(practice questions in lab) as well as any project of CS student.. Any 1? Agr ksi kai pass zip file mai bhi hain tau 03165048872... Pr whatsapp kr dein اللہ آپ کو آسانیاں عطا فرمائے اور آسانیاں تقسیم کرنے کا شرف عطا فرمائیں 😊
Fast main 4.00 gpa kaisay  letay hain?
 #fatimagroup #recruitmentdrive2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Lahore #empowertolead #E2L2020 #MBA #BSCS
Anoushey Abbasi, a talentend gem of Pakistan, is popular for her performances that capture the soul of her subjects. Starting her career as VJ, she has continue...d to grow as an actor. She has worked alongside numerous famed actors, and has won accolades for her performances.

 For interview; whattsapp at 03325295325 email at o3325295325@gmail.com


NetMaticO is looking to hire a Creative Graphic Designer, who is exceptional in conceptualizing and creating attractive layouts, Websites, Mobile apps, Print-design, E-books, Promotional Materials, Corporate Branding, Logo Designing and Posters/Ad Campaign related designs. The ideal candidate shall have a solid grasp of Adobe creative suite software such as Adobe Photoshop/Illustrator/InDesign. We are looking for a candidate with at least 2-3 years of experience working as Gr...aphic & Web designer and have strong grasp of web and graphic design principles, Color, Imagery, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Web & Desktop Application etc Requirements Have excellent command on Adobe InDesign and Adobe Illustrator. Have an ability to brainstorm cutting edge, and creative ideas rapidly for graphics designing. Ability to meet deadlines and have proven organizational skills and ability to take on many tasks at once. Collaborate with other departments (business development, editorial staff) to manage reputation, identify key players and coordinate actions. Strong team player, behaves like an owner, and ultimately focused on delivering results with high standards Passion for web visitor conversions, design and web design Enjoys typography and colour theory Enjoys creating viral marketing pieces for the web - infographics, motion graphics, social media campaigns, contest design, etc. Creative portfolio Up-to-date on the latest web technologies and trends An eye for detail and a dedication to quality Self-starter and able to manage their workflow independently Create images that identify a product or convey a message Incorporate changes recommended into the final design Test graphics across various media Ensure final graphics and layouts are visually appealing and on-brand A keen eye for aesthetics and details Degree in Design, Fine Arts or related field is a plus Experience Experience creating online advertisements Experience with social media branding and identity Knowledge of web standards, optimization, and web design best practices Basic knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, or PHP/MySQL(bonus) Basic knowledge of open source CMS such as WordPress (bonus) Skills • Adobe Illustrator  Adobe Photoshop Adobe In Design Graphics Editing Branding UI/UXApp  DesignMicrosoft Office SuiteAdobe Creative Suite CorelDraw Adobe Photoshop • HTML, HTML5, Bootstrap, PSD to HTML conversion, Slicing , Sketchbook Pro, Jquery, Adobe Dreamweaver etc. Salary Range PKR. 15,000 - 40,000/Month  Job Time: Regular Office based Timing: Night Shift (6:00pm-3:00am) Office Address: Street 95, E-11/1 Islamabad. Contact: career@netmatico.com SMS: 92 335 5372734
Aoa.. Anyone that can tell me about Kamyab jawan program courses in Fast islamabad campus . TIA
Netmatico is Offering SEO Paid Internship program. You will be given a chance to learn and implement Search Engine Optimization Techniques on Live Canadian Projects. Walk-in interviews from Monday to Friday between 7:00pm till 10:00pm. Venue: Street no 95, E-11/1 Islamabad.

We warmly welcome our students back to FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Spring 2020. We hope you all had a pleasant and cozy winters and are as excited as we are about the new semester.
** A Great Opportunity For Artificial Intelligence Enthusiasts ** FAST NUCES Islamabad is offering you a FREE 06 months program in the field of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to further enhance your technical skills. We are working under the flagship of Kamyab Jawan Programme which is sponsored by Government of Pakistan. LIMITED SEATS ARE AVAILABLE, So Please Apply ASAP. For Registration, Click here: https://bit.ly/2uaRHKv You may visit the Website for more Details: https://ski...lls.kamyabjawan.gov.pk #FASTIslamabad #AI #FREEAI #KamyabJawan #RegisterNow
 Event date...s: 7th  to 9th February 2020 For Rule Book: http://bit.ly/30hIT1v
We are looking to employ an HR Officer with excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. The HR Officer is expected to be knowledgeable with employment legislation . He or she must be able to negotiate with diplomacy.
The Literary Club is proud to unveil the 6th volume of Local Host, FAST’s official newsletter. This issue is meticulously curated to bring you our exclusive tak...e on all events that the campus is abuzz with, such as sports competitions, society events or seminars. It is sure to become your go to for the latest campus news and happenings. 

I need a financial mathematics expert who can handle financial work up-to masters level .Only those person contact who will work themselves no indirect contact. I am looking for a permanent expert
"Winning Solutions is looking for fresh graduates MBA/BBA for paid internship in Islamabad. Period of internship will be of three months which can be extended as an permanent job opportunity.
Anyone from fast. Basically for registering course on flex, one course says that seats are full so not registered. But it’s a mandatory course so what can be done?
Hello there! Don't miss out on the opportunity to participate in IEEE's most awaited event NEO'20. Grab your chance at being a participant of this prestigious e...vent & gain multiple benefits from socializing in this event. Can't wait to have you on NEO'20! Stay tuned for more updates! For Rule Book: http://bit.ly/30hIT1v

Nice job opportunities in Netherlands for experienced IT people

 2.    Install, configure, test and maintain OS, application software and system management tools. 4.    Troubleshoot, diagnose and resolve hardware, software and network problems. 5.    Research, plan and implement new programs and protocols 6.    Provide solution for technical problems and resolve them through technology 7.    Perform regular backup operations on servers and implement appropriate process for data protection, disaster recovery and failover procedures. 8.    Functional checks of new hardware/Software. 9.    Supervise setting up new IT Labs i.e. assembling network cabinet, racking up servers, laying network cable and installing workstations. 3.    Provide specific detailed information for hardware and software selection. 4.    Excellent diagnostic, analytical and problem solving skills required. 5.    Provide technical support to the distributed locations. 6.    Ability to create accurate network diagrams and documentation for design and planning network communication systems. 8.    Knowledge of IT/Network equipment, computer hardware and software, displays, printers, cabling, connectors, converters, UPS, batteries. 9.    Knowledge of Domain Controller, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, Exchange, ADC, SharePoint, Team Foundation and Project Server. Preferred Certifications: CCNA, CCNP, MCSE  Qualification: MCS/MS (CS)/BS (CS)/BCS (04 Years Degree)/BIT (04 Years Degree) in 1st Division. For Fresh Graduates starting pay will be PKR 35,000 /- and after six months of probation it will be PKR 40000/-  For Master's Degree (MS) holders the starting pay will be PKR 40000/- and after six months of probation it will be PKR 45,000/- (only if Masters qualification is directly contributing towards the job assigned) Note:  Interested candidates can send their resumes to hr.mnsdept@gmail.com before 1200 HRS on 22/01/2020. No TA/DA is admissible for the test and interview.

Our well-structured programs at the Civil Engineering Department equips students with engineering skills to design, create and improve. 
 Interested candidates send me your resuma/CV on given email or apply here Note: There is No registration fee or anything after selection or before selection
Matric = 89% Fsc Part 1 = 79% NAT = 72/100  Any chances in cs department in fall 2020 in fast islamabad

 Interested Candidates Can Drop Their CV at E-mail:  or contact on inbox
we need a staff required for office base work we provide handsome income packages any interested person send their cv on whatapp num,03165530123
 I have taken NAT test in december,2019. Is it valid for fall undergraduate program 2020??? Someone said to me that fast will only accept the tests which have been taken 3 months before from the deadline only
 Responsibilities • Producing code using .NET languages (C#, VB .NET) ... • Upgrading, configuring and debugging existing systems  • Participate in requirements analysis • Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages • Test and deploy applications and systems • Revise, update, refactor and debug code • Improve existing software • Serve as an expert on software/applications and provide technical support Requirements • Proven experience as a .NET Developer or Application Developer • Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework, SQL Server  • Knowledge of the .NET languages (e.g. C#, Visual Basic .NET)  most  importantly Visual Basic • Familiarity with MS Access • Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills • Attention to detail • BSc/BA in Computer Science, Software Engineer, or Diploma holders in a related field.
Someone knows that when  undergraduate admissions will be started

Admission process for undergraduate programs..? Only Fsc 1 or both parts numbers are required...?
First of all, thanks for accepting my request, its nice to be part of this group. I will finish my Bachelors in Computer Science degree in February (next month). I am interested in data science amd want to do Masters in Datascience, I will try for scholarship as well for abroad but I would like to know how is FAST for Masters in Datascience, if someone currently doing MS DATASCIENCE from FAST, i would really like to know their views. Thanks a lot for your time and concern.
FAST NUCES in collaboration with KPK government welcome you to “TECH Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 2020”. For decades, technology entrepreneurship has been revered and peo...ple like Steve jobs, Bill Gates and Elon musk are considered heroes. The rapid growth and potential in this sector has been of great benefit to individuals opting or intending to invest in this sector. Keeping this in mind FAST Peshawar in collaboration with KPK government brought to you “TECH Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 2020” LIMITED SEATS AVAILABLE For Registration: www.tiny.cc/techkp2020
Apply at: http://tiny.cc/ambassadortechkp20 We are happy to announce the opportunity to become an Ambassad...or for FAST National University, Peshawar Campus - Tech Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 2020. We're looking for students who are bold, convincing, full of enthusiasm and know-how to get the job done! Apply at: http://tiny.cc/ambassadortechkp20 Notes- Deadline: 5th January 2020 LIMITED SEATES AVAILABLE  List of shortlisted candidates will be contacted via email and announced on our Facebook page.   #FASTPeshawar #KP #Campus #Ambassador #University #college #Student #Kptec2020 #RoadShows #Events
2020 begins and so does FAST’s mission to influence KP with latest trends in technology. FAST Peshawar presents TECH Khyber Pakhtunkhwa with support of KP Gover...nment.  This time one of the most aspiring females in industry, Ms Tania Aidrus, the Chief of Staff and Head of Strategic Initiatives on the Next Billion Users (NBU) team at Google, is joining us at this mission. She holds an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management and a BSc from Brandeis University. Both of our honorary speakers will be accompanied by Provincial Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for Finance, Mr.Taimur Saleem Khan Jhagra and many other dignitaries. Details of TECH KP are mentioned below:
 If any queries Contact at  msshpk@gmail.com







we need a person for office work we provide a handsome income packages intrested people send their cv on 03165530123

 or you can grab them online from www.eticketing.pk/osaf
Whether you are a crazy shopaholic, a noteworthy foodie, or die-hard traveller, utilising any ‘Buy one get one Free Offer’ is must-avail. With that said, we bel...ieve there is no one better to choose than the ultimate lifestyle book/app that one can never get enough of.
PROCOM aspires to bring about the change we all want to witness. It is the experience that matters most, and that is what the team at PROCOM aims to provide, an all round experience that is remembered well by each participant.
Film making is an art with a combination of science and business. It requires an artistic mind and knowledge of camera science for a person to transform it into... business.
Hi,  Zawata Afnan Technologies has a opening for internship in Php Laravel leading to job Qualification=CS/IT/Software Engineering graduates(complete) - Good knowledge of OOP, Databases. Must have done final year project in Laravel... location: Faisalabad  Interested candidates send their resume at hr@zawataafnantechnologies.com Or  Contact  0320-6034560 #internship #php # #finalyearproject #freshgraduate #faisalabad



 Coordinate with departments and complete tasks set by the supervisor... Call clients and inform them about our services Follow up, remind and convince clients to opt for our services Support the marketing team in daily administrative tasks Strong communication skills, Urdu and English Excellent verbal and written communication skills BS or Masters degree Send CVs at hr@theces.pk Salary: Rs. 18000 to 22000 051-2375013
 There are things that change and then there is PROCOM that brings the change #LegacyRedefined #Procom2020


"With faith, discipline and selfless devotion to duty, there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve."  These golden words by Quaid inspire the team of NU... FEST to work hard and with immense zeal. Wishing you all a very happy Quaid e Azam day from team NU-FEST
Skills and Requirements • Good creative skills/ Creative thinking & a great Sense of Design • Complete and absolute command over Adobe suite especially Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and Premier • Expertise on software design (Photoshop, Illustrator, and Dreamweaver) and familiarity with other Creative Suite tools (e.g. flash) • Proven track record with portfolio of previous professional work... • Excellent verbal, written communication skill • Must have a work experience of IT firm and have developed complete app layouts and templates, banner ads, presentations etc. Candidates should have strong creativity and design skill and able to produce uniquely beautiful layouts for apps. Every applicant should be able to work quickly and independently, but should also be able to contribute to team situations such as brainstorming new concepts. This is a fantastic opportunity for you to grow quickly with an experienced management team working on global projects.
 https://facebook.com/events/554245565420493
We are looking for  Customer Service Associate to assist our customers with product inquiries in a *swift, *proficient and  *friendly manner.  You Can apply your multitasking skills by listening and speaking to customers, navigating computers, and typing call documentation simultaneously... __________ Responsibilities: --> Resolving walk-in, mail, fax, and email customer inquiries. --> Processing and logging incoming calls into CRM system. --> Identifying customer needs. --> Forwarding and escalating inquiries to relevant individuals and departments. --> Providing outstanding customer service. --> Updating customer information as required. --> Maintaining confidentiality of information Interested candidates drop CV on given email
Hi, We are looking for a Person Skilled in SEO and SEM for our multiple projects for different brands. •The person would be responsible for taking care of multiple websites SEO wise. •The Person should have sound knowledge of Keywords Research and Ranking a Website. •The Person should know On Page and Off Page SEO.... •Should be able to make audit report before any project. •Should be available for urgent tasks •Should have a portfolio

 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
One-Off Studios is a PR & marketing agency working towards elevating customer experiences for its clients around the globe. *Salary will be communicated to shortlisted candidates.
We are HIRING for Call center in Bahria phase 7,we welcome experienced and fresh Candidates with excellent compensations and salaries. It is Night-shift job and timings are 9pm- 5:00 am Project: Csr dialling  Training would be provided to fresh people as well. Basic salary:25thousands CONTACT US.... Send your CV at mariakanwal073@gmail.com  Call us at 03361050020 Address: Bahria Town phase 7,sama arcade 2,near quetta tea cafe ,4th floor ,office #5,rwp
We are looking for Graphic Designer Intern at our software office in Rawalpindi. Expertise Required in following domain - Adobe Illustrator. - Adobe Photoshop. - Coral Draw.... Contact @ +92-3205038329
 Candidate must be a problem solver, should have knowledge of OOP, DataStructures and the relavent field. Please share your CV to support@mushhub.com with the position title.
What do you get when you bring together the brightest minds and place them into an exciting, fast-paced environment that fosters intellectual growth and rewards... based on impact, not tenure? You get one of the fastest growing software companies. We embrace brilliance. We embrace independence. Join us at CreativeMorph as a front-end developer.


MS & PhD Admissions, now open at FAST NUCES Lahore campus. The last date to apply is December 20, 2019.  Full-time students are encouraged to apply. ... For eligibility criteria and other information visit admissions.nu.edu.pk
We are looking for an experienced and creative UI/UX Designer to join our team! As a UI-UX Designer, you will be responsible for delivering the best user experi...ence, which makes your role extremely important for our success, ensuring customer satisfaction and loyalty. You will be designing ideas using various methods and the latest technology. Experience & Knowledge: • Must have a working knowledge of frontend technologies HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery etc. • Must have a working knowledge of CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap / Foundation/SASS / LESS and best industrial practices. • Must have experience using CMS systems like Magento, WordPress, Shopify etc. • Must be knowledgeable and demonstrate experience with cross-browser and cross-platform/device issues. • Should be able to conceptualize creative ideas and bring them to life with the ability to handle projects from concept through completion. • Should be self-motivated and needs to deliver within short-time frames and meet tight deadlines. • Should have the ability to work on multiple briefs at a time with excellent command over Adobe Creative Suite, Photoshop, XD, InDesign and Illustrator.  Responsibilities • Gather and evaluate user requirements in collaboration with product managers and engineers. • Illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps. • Design graphic user interface elements. • Build catchy graphics for socials media and company branding. • Develop UI mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how sites function and look like. • Prepare and present rough drafts to internal teams and key stakeholders. • Identify and troubleshoot UX problems (e.g. responsiveness). • Conduct layout adjustments based on user feedback. • Adhere to style standards on fonts, colors, and images. • Knowledge of wireframe tools (Invision, UXPIN etc.) • Up-to-date knowledge of design trends. • Team spirit; strong communication skills to collaborate with various stakeholders. • Good multi-tasking skills.   Apply for full-time jobs and paid internships. Faisalabad based software house. #lovecoding #aiksol #techworld #onesolution #google #update #weAreHiring #jobs #internship #graphicsdesigner #dotnetDevelopee #UIUX #Developer

How minimum gpa required to get admission in masters degree
"ARE YOU EXCITED? The sensational Abrar ul Haq is coming to FAST NUCES Lahore for Alumni Homecoming 2020. This time it is going to better than ever. Can't wait....  Save the date: 4th January 2020. Buy your tickets NOWWW!!!" www.eticketing.pk/osaf
 Note: Rawalpindi,Islamabad,Murree,Taxila and near to these cities candidates can apply Note:There is no registration fee Interested Candidates shortly contact on inbox or drop cv on given watsap numbeer or email Thanks
A.o.a What is pay package for computer lab assistant at fast uni ?

Can anybody help me for the preparation of Entry test for MS (CS) in FAST.
A.o.a Haji camp ada Peshawar sy fast uni Peshawar campus phase 1 jamrud road koi local transport jati h xa nae ???
Wishing you an ocean of good luck and success in your upcoming exams. May good luck follow you throughout the exams. You are destined to pass this exam with flying colors. #BestOfLuck #FinalExams #FASTNU #FASTNUCESLHR
Role Full Stack Developer(MERN Stack) Mandatory Technical Skills 4-5 years of full-stack developer experience MERN(MongoDB, Express, React, and Node.js) experience Excellent development experience in the following Express... React Node.js NoSQL database UI and UX experience Involvement in the complete software development life-cycle. Collaborate across cross-functional teams. Work as a team member containing other developers and systems analysis to complete projects on time and under established budgets Support business partners and systems analysis with issue resolution and explanation Perform source system analysis to understand underlying data and logic https://forms.gle/2hVdbktqsobcuouX9
 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
MVC .Net Framework Minimum Experience: 2 years No. of Positions: 3 Techovative, is an IT based company providing healthcare related solutions. Currently it is looking for 2+ years experienced candidates who are interested to polish their development skills in challenging environment. Candidate must have following skill set: • 2 years’ hands on experience in Software Development in ASP.Net MVC C#, Entity Framework, ADO.Net... • Hands on experience and strong grip on SQL query building in MS SQL Server • Strong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. • Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts • Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness • Ability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience • Self-Motivated who is willing to work in challenging fast paced environment • Extensive experience of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery • Capable to work independently and lead a team of software developers • Experience in healthcare related application development is plus Location: Rawalpindi Salary: Market competitive salary To apply, please share your resume at jobs@techovative.co
 If you're a good Java developer and have some experience in QA Test Automation then you're more than welcome to apply. We've an excellent opportunity in Telenor GSS aiming role covering Java development & Test Automation. Interested candidates can send me their CV at their earliest on: Asad.hussain@telenor.com
 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
 Responsibilities: • Designing and building the website front-end • Must have worked with Elementor Pro • Ensuring high-performance and availability, and managing all technical aspects of the CMS • Conducting website performance test • Testing each task assigned before submitting to client. • Creating the website architecture • Discuss website design and function Requirements: • Strong Understanding of Front-end • Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications • Themes Customization • Knowledge of front-end technologies including CSS3, JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, and Php • Good communication skills
Need iOS developer with 6 months to 2 years experience (full day office job). Must be a team player, who can adopt new tool and technologies.  Mail your CV at ammartahir@beaconimpex.com {include position in Mail Subject} Fresh Grad. with Good skills and little be background in iOS can also apply. Office Location: Near Iqbal Stadium, Faisalabad
Hey Guys, I was searching for a good University to join for C.S. so I told a cousin about Fast and he said that there was Mid 1 and 2 in Lahore branch. So I wanted to confirm that is it also in Islamabad branch? Need some quick answers please...

Dear all, we have a job opening for Full Stack Web Developer. The candidate will be responsible of developing and maintaining company's website. A minimum one year of experience is required, salary 50K and above based on experience and capabilities. send your resume to careers@taraztechnologies.com
We are looking for mature candidates in Rawalpindi/Islamabad for office based work at different posts Human resource department Customer services representative Team Management Public Dealing... Information sharing Male/Female both can apply If you are talented and have good skills to communicate with others then be the part of our team. Minimum Qualification Required:Matric No experience required Interested candidates can send Cv on this number: 03045230453
 Long story short, if you have got a talent and you're not growing because of team or investment we will give you an opportunity to change your life, we will provide you luxury platform with food ...residence everything, come and discuss.
Zawata Afnan Technologies has a opening for Business development Executive for our Faisalabad office: Position (2) Requirements: Experience (fresh-2 years) - Candidate must be able to generate IT Business through different freelancing platforms i.e fiverr,people per hour,upwork & freelancer... - Good communication skills - Good pitching skills  - Can bid on all freelancing websites  - Can create Gigs manage our freelancing accounts Salary: Basic + Commission  Interested candidate share their resume  hr@zawataafnantechnologies.com Or  Call:0320-6034560 Note:Remote candidates can also apply. #jobs #recruitment #resume #fiverr #freelancejob #bidder #bidding #remote #faisalabad

Hostinn is looking for Campus Ambassadors! Hostinn is a platform for users to search & book hostels/rooms online through Mobile App. Why should you apply?... - You will be a part of the startup, and hence you can add work experience to your resume. - Certificates - Career Consoling - Internship Opportunity - Special Discount promo codes will be given.  - Free t-shirts and other goodies. - The learning experience for anyone interested in marketing. - Amazing networking opportunity. Apply Now: https://forms.gle/sQm48V6FvgBMnHDf8




 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
 Write clean, scalable code programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
 Do you like working with state of the art of technology? In this role, you will utilize your strong problem solving skills to guide the team to deliver on both small and large projects.  You will use your skills and experience to help improve our internal content entry platforms. You will be involved in planning and execution.


we are Looking Competent and Experienced Candidates form Rwp/Isb For Project Manager/Team Coach. Qualifiacateion: FA,FSC,B.A , B.com and Above. Interested Candidates Drop your CV's.
 Registration Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1B8xLVovS83wI7k24AQ0i2uD72RW0pJM9… For more details, you can check our liaison package: https://drive.google.com/…/1Ddvr00eHDKI-pxm2ln6eUgMdn…/view…


 This talk explores the possibilities of digital technologies to advance the quality, comf...ort and energy efficiency of modern buildings. With a strong focus on Building Information Modeling (BIM) as a foundation for planning construction and operation, we examine what it needs to maintain a high level of model quality and ensure that a building operates exactly as it was planned.
Job Title: Mac OS X-code Developer Apply at:job@redstartechs.com Job location: i8 islamabad Salary range:40000-60000pkr... Job Description Red Star Technologies is looking for a competent Mac OS Developer who has a desire to learn and build new innovative apps and willing to learn and grow with the company. Salary: PKR 40,000 to 60,000 (Depends on experience and expertise) Experience: Applicant must possess significant prior development experience of 1.5 to 2 years. Requirements: • Experience in Cocoa Mac OS and IOS • Proficient in Swift or Object-C • Experience in multi-threaded applications and performance optimization • Ability to work in team and to communicate • Git • Unit Test • Good Level in English Nice to have: • Experience or basic skills in Image Processing • Experience with an agile method (Scrum) Note: Person with basic skills in Image Processing will be preferred.
Here's to all you pre-planners out there; The Tentative Program Schedule for ICET 2019!
IOS application developer required Apply here: info@redstartechs.com Salary:40000-60000 Location: I8-Islamabad Job Description... Redstar Technologies is looking for a competent IOS Developer who has a desire to learn and build new innovative apps and willing to learn and grow with the company. Applicant must possess significant prior development experience of 1.5 to 2 years. Applicant must be able to work independently, meet deadlines, be a quick learners and a good problem solvers and committed to a sophisticated design and creating quality products. Person with image processing skills will be preferred • Solid understanding of Object-oriented programming. • has experience to work with sockets • Familiarity with cloud message APIs, push notifications, mobile analytics etc • Experience with offline storage, multithreading and performance tuning • Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to backend services • Audio Streaming • Develops, Test and Deploys Applications and interfaces for iOS platform. • Ensure adherence to defined development life cycle and good software design practices • Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Strong understanding of caching as it relates to mobile devices and application performance • Understanding of mobile application accessibility • Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code • Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications • Unit test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability • Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications • Has ability to develop app in RTL mode also Job Specification IOS developer is not just a mere app developer, they are much more than that. At every phase of the app development, you will be playing a crucial role. From requirement gathering for client’s business needs to planning and development stage to designing a seamless and scalable user interface to coding and integrations, it is your responsibility to ensure that everything goes like a smooth sailing. Following are the key skills required for the post. • iOS SDK • iOS APIs • Firebase • Git • Swift
 You are requested to fill out the form attached below before your interview session:
The WebMasters has arranged a workshop to assign you a project for HTML and CSS that you will complete in your semster break in order to become a part of our development teams...  #designdevelopdeploy
Need tutor in Pwd, Islamabad. 3 Students Pakage 15k Only Tutor available in Pwd apply for this job. Kings Home Tutors.... www.kingshometutors.com




"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I may learn." And this is precisely why The WebMasters has arranged a project for HTML and CSS after the highly successful workshop.  Be punctual... #designdevelopdeploy

Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today. FAST-NUCES Peshawar is in the admission process of Masters... and PhD's now. Grab your seats NOW!  For further details click on links below:  To apply for Masters and PhD  http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions.php Details and eligibility criteria for MS and PhD are mentioned on http://www.nu.edu.pk/Admissions/EligibilityCriteria Fee structure for the programs we offered are mentioned on http://nu.edu.pk/Admissions/FeeStructure scholarship and loans details are mentioned on http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/loan_and_scholarship.php For further details email us at: admission@nu.edu.pk #joinfast #buildyourcareer #admissionsopen
PHP developer required at OneClout. Interested candidates may send their resume at careers@oneclout.com

CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy


From the Dept. of Information System Engineering Mugla Sitki Kocman University Turkey, Prof. Dr. İlhan Tarimer and Prof. Dr.Huseyin Guruler delivered a session ...on 'Higher Education Scholarship Opportunities in Turkish Universities' for Pakistani students at FAST-NUCES Peshawar along with research collaboration in multiple fields of interest.
The timer is ticking and the count increasing. 235 enthusiastic trainees have currently joined the WebMasters. So hurry up learners, complete your assigned proj...ects (will be assigned to you soon) and get the opportunity to be promoted to our front end, back end, and mobile app development teams! #designdevelopdeploy
We are offering Part time and Full time working opportunities for both males and females.  * Working will be all indoor the office.  * No outdoor activity invol...ved.  * Social media working.  * Human Resource.  Interested candidates may apply here.
FAST University is in the admission process Now! Way to the success we are announcing Masters and PhD's admission. The following criteria are mentioned below in... the post. For further details and information visit our website and given a link below in the post. http://pwr.nu.edu.pk/admissions.php  Or contact on +91-111-128-128, 0334-1128128, 0335-1128128, 0336-1128128. #joinfast #webuildyourcareer



 Vizteck Solutions is looking for iOS App Engineers with at least 3 years of experience for its office in Bahria Town, Phase 4, RWP. - Competitive salary - Free residence for hostilities... - Medical Coverage (Hospitalization and OPD) - Transport Allowance - Bi-Annual Increment Kindly send resumes to nabeel.ansar@vizteck.com. We are an equal opportunity employer and don't discriminate. Building 145, Floor 2, Civic Center Phase 4, Bahria town, Islamabad, Pakistan-46000
If you have missed our registration period then do not worry you may still become a learner at The WebMasters and gain web development skills. We will teach you... and help you in implementing all the main concepts of web development in duration of workshops so join us and become a web developer . Registration Link: https://forms.gle/g9fxemgjw7WoH7pc8
Mr. Ahsan Hamid Durrani is the Founder and Chairman of Emerging Policymakers’ Institute. He has more than 8 years’ experience in the field of public policy, res...earch & analysis, activism, community mobilization and youth development. Mr. Ahsan has remained part of several decision-making bodies from a very young age. In 2014, he was opted in the Working Group of Ministry of Youth Affairs, Sports, Tourism, Culture and Archaeology in the government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP). He actively pursued the youth policy of KP and remained an important part of the formulation process. In 2015, he was opted in Board of Directors’ Technical Education and Vocational Training Authority (TEVTA) in the government of KP. As the youngest BoD member, he acted as a bridge between academia and industry to create job opportunities for young skilled worker.
We are looking for Video Animation Services at our office in Rawalpindi. Video Animation & Video Editor. Good Salary. +923205038329
What else is needed to start this new year with lively and welcoming memories? Team DECS is back with its most exclusive and grand event of all 'THE ANNUAL TOUR...' 2020.  So the wait is over as DECS invites you all to the introductory session of ANNAUL TOUR'20 to disclose the details of their most exhilarating event of the year. Hoping to see you all! Venue: EE Auditorium Timings: 1:00 pm - 2:00pm Date: 19th Nov'19 #tour2020 #adventure #wanderlust #explorePakistan #introductorysession
ISLAMABAD ART FESTIVAL 2019  PRE INAUGURAL LAUNCH AT SERENA HOTELS 15 November 2019 The first-ever Islamabad Art Festival 2019 (IAF-19) will be held from 18 ~ 3...0 November 2019. The festival has been organized by a consortium of public and private educational institutions, art galleries, and artist associations from across Pakistan, generous support from the corporate sector and in collaboration with foreign embassies whose senior representatives have also graced today’s Curtain raiser.  IAF-19 will be led by President and Chief Curator Jamal Shah, who will be working in close collaboration with curators and artists from across Pakistan, and abroad, to bring together a vibrant show of visual and performing arts on a scale never before seen in Islamabad.  IAF-19 is a collaborative project, and will be hosted in several locations in Islamabad and Rawalpindi, including museums, art galleries, educational institutes, and public parks. The festival will be inaugurated on 18th November 2019 at 11:00 a.m. at Pakistan National Council of Arts (PNCA), and will continue for a full 13 days, before an elaborate closing ceremony on 30th November 2019. The thematic focus of IAF-19 is a ‘Dialogue between Tradition and Modernity’.  The festival is expected to engage an audience of at least 500,000 individuals from diverse backgrounds and ages. The participants of the festival will include over 200 individuals from 34 countries, and approximately 400 participants from across Pakistan.  It is for the first that expression of almost all forms of Art Forms will be showcased together.  Painting, sculpture, drawing, printmaking, textile design, dance, music, film, puppet shows, theatre, fashion design, and performing arts from across the world will be available to satisfy the cultural aesthetic of people in general. Simultaneously, Literature from different Lands is also being focused. An International Literary Conference is also being held in the ambit of the Festival. Discussant will comprise of prominent writers and Poets from about 20 Asian African Countries. They will assemble under the banner of a Three Day “International Writers Conference-Islamabad 2019. Their deliberations and Poetry Recital Sessions will engage literature and academia circles to promote understanding of the cultures and mores of people from different parts of the world. All these art forms are being presented in venues open and accessible to the public.  At IAF-19, local artists will create, exhibit, and perform right alongside their foreign counterparts, and catapult Pakistani art to new heights worldwide. Emerging artists will have an opportunity to interact with established and highly-respected artists, and exhibit their work together on this collaborative platform. The aim of the festival is to celebrate diversity and creativity in all forms of visual and performing arts. The spirit of creativity brings people together and strengthens society as a whole. Collaborating with international artists will foster stronger relationships through cultural dialogue and exchange of ideas, and elevate Pakistani art and culture on a global level. The academic component of IAF-19 – developed in partnership with leading educational institutes of Pakistan – will include conferences, lectures, and panel discussions; book launches; and interactive workshops for children and adults. There will also be a video contest encouraging students to explore the culture and heritage of their part of Pakistan. An art festival of this scale will have a far-reaching socioeconomic and cultural impact. It will broaden public access to creative and performing arts, and encourage people to explore their own creativity through workshops and interactive public art programs. It will also provide a shared platform for artists, performers, and scholars to develop a framework to further art education in Pakistan.
Hear the car roaring and feel the heat from the asphalt as you bolt to the finish line leaving your opponents far behind.  Seize this chance to show off your sk...ills with gears. Register for the Need for Speed tournament before it is too late!

"Robot Maker Lab" RML-NCRA is providing designing and manufacturing in advanced mechanical and electrical domain  to provide hardware solutions for Industry, St...artups and Academia. #Robot #Maker #Lab #advanced #mechanical #engineering #electrical #manufacturing #Industry, #Startups and #Academia.
Last date for regular registrations for ROBIAN'19 Robot Sumo module!  All participants are advised to do timely registrations. #IEEE #IEEECUI #IEEERAS #IEEERASCUI #ROBOTICSCLUB #ROBIAN19 #DOMINATETHEARENA #sumorobo
Asrar is here, are you?  GIKI Science Society presents the biggest concert of the year at GIKI powered by  Islo Times Register now to be the part of the event. ...Due to overwhelming response of the participants we have decided to extend our deadline. 
Ladies and Gentlemen Brace yourself for the amazing theme dinner we have planned for you all! 
We are looking for junior resource who had knowledge of SEO and Social Media Marketing.  KPI's  1 Must have knowledge of SEO (Basics) worked delicately worked in SEO (6 months)  2 Must have Knowledge of Social Media Marketing search , post and share 3 Good Communication Skills ... 4 Directory Search and posting
The game that has been the de facto benchmark of a player's shooting skills is here. It has redefined classic gameplay for all gamers out there. Get those grena...des and rifles out as you prepare for the mightiest in the world of E-Gaming: CS GO. Employ strategy, coupled with resources, to knock down your rivals as you thrive and survive the battle royale.
 All those enthusiastic candidates who find them capable for the position of ACD can apply now. It will not only serve as a great experience for you in the world of debating but will also be a chance to showcase your talents. Registrations are now live!! You may apply through the following link: https://forms.gle/GhztBSQw2DGP5apZ6
 Get yourself registered today in the biggest robotics competition 🤖 Register via: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd-zsYwkrBssMlTCQ…/viewform May the best team win! #IEEE #IEEECUI #IEEERAS #IEEERASCUI #ROBIAN19 #DOMINATETHEARENA #sumorobot
Job Description  Position Summary: We are looking for a candidate who can perform administrative activities such as managing employee’s record, dispersing salaries, along with being responsible for administrative tasks such as following: Major Responsibilities: •         Coordinate with employees and upper management, both in Pakistan and abroad;... •         Maintain human resource records; •         Prepare employment contracts for the promotions as well as experience letters etc; •         Effectively implement various HR policies and ensure compliance; •         Manage monthly payroll process; •         Maintain databases, create accounts for new hires and oversee work done on a daily basis; •         Maintain leave records, biometric attendance register etc; •         Handle employee complaints and grievances; •         Review human resource policies and procedures and recommend updates/amendments; •         Maintain lists of vendors, suppliers and service providers; •         Any other tasks assigned by the senior management. Skill-set Required: Reporting Skills, Maintaining Employee Files, Dependability, Organization, Confidentiality, Verbal Communication, Teamwork, Microsoft Office Skills Duty Hours: This is a full-time job (09:00 AM to 06:00 PM including one-hour lunch break), Monday to Friday. Perks: •         Market Competitive Salary; •         Professional training and grooming; •         Exposure and Experience ; •         10 casual leaves, 16 half-day medical and 14 annual leaves.




 Visit our Careers page and submit your application today!
 Do you want to be a part of our fem...ale-powered community of freelancers where we provide you with work that you can complete according to your own schedule at the location most convenient for you?  

Position: IOS Developer (1) We are looking to hire a talented iOS Developer to design, build, and maintain the next generation of iOS applications. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering with 1-2 years of Professional Experience in IOS application development. •strong working knowledge of iOS Frameworks such as Core data,core animation, etc. Proficient in Swift be able to work as part of a team. •Solid understanding of the full mobile development life c...ycle •Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning •Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services •Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications •Understanding of Apple’s design principles and interface guidelines Location:Faisalabad  Salary=Market Competitive   Please Share your Resume at hr.zawataafnantechnologies@outlook.com Or  Call:0320-6034560
Presenting our chief guest for our closing ceremony 'Ali Muhammad Khan'. Ali Muhammad Khan is a Pakistani lawmaker who is the present Minister of State for Parl...iamentary Affairs, in office since 17 September 2018. He is at present an individual from the National Assembly of Pakistan, since August 2018. Already he was an individual from the National Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018. According to him 'My dreamed Pakistan is a strong, progressive, sovereign Islamic state with good education institutes, universities, basic facilities, industries and employment as compared to other regional countries.' He puts stress on the the need of youngsters to perform their responsibilities with honesty and dedication. They should never dampen the spirits and leave the ultimate result to the Allah.
Presenting our chief guest for our closing ceremony 'Ali Muhammad Khan'. Ali Muhammad Khan is a Pakistani lawmaker who is the present Minister of State for Parl...iamentary Affairs, in office since 17 September 2018. He is at present an individual from the National Assembly of Pakistan, since August 2018. Already he was an individual from the National Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018. According to him 'My dreamed Pakistan is a strong, progressive, sovereign Islamic state with good education institutes, universities, basic facilities, industries and employment as compared to other regional countries.' He puts stress on the the need of youngsters to perform their responsibilities with honesty and dedication. They should never dampen the spirits and leave the ultimate result to the Allah.
CreativeMorph is looking for a top-notch software engineering leader who can be an individual contributor at first and a manager in the future. Responsibilities...: • Architect a web-based platform including both front and backend services • Design and develop robust, scalable microservices for RESTful endpoints and data pipelines • Develop optimal querying and indexing strategies for large data sets • Manage tooling for building and deploying services and containers • Identify and address bugs, performance bottlenecks and other issues impacting our clients • Provide hands on technical leadership and lead architectural decisions. • Coach and mentor several developers • Draw on experience to lead technical designs and implementation of highly scalable and adaptable systems • Leverage past-experience with Agile software development to help improve team execution Requirements: • 3+ years of experience in web services development • Must have a firm grasp of OOP languages like C#, Ruby and Python • Experience with modern programing languages (Rust, python, Javascript (node.js) • Experience building service-oriented architectures (REST APIs and microservices) • Experience with database technologies like Postgres, Mongo, Redshift, Redis, or BigQuery • Experience working with cloud based, distributed architectures, GCP is a plus • Experience working with Docker containers • Must be proactive about gathering requirements, content, and feedback from stakeholders • Experience with Git and GitHub • Experience with test automation experience with high standards for code quality • Knowledge of modern security standards in a clinical setting • Take ownership in delivering high quality results within tight deadlines To apply, please send your resume to jobs@creativemorph.com with the subject title “Lead Software Architect”.

ROBIAN'19 registrations are finally open! 📢📢 Get ready to be a part of the Biggest Sumo Robot Competition!  Only one will be take home the title of winner. Do y...ou have what it takes to rise to the top and be the best team?  REGISTRATION LINK: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd-zsYwkrBssMlTCQ…/viewform #IEEE #IEEERAS #IEEERASCUI #ROBIAN19 #sumorobot #DOMINATETHEARENA
Become an ambassador for the biggest technical event in Pakistan hosted by IEEE GIKI. Avail this chance of getting quality technological experience and interact... with the most skilled robotics teams from all over the country. There are limited slots for ambassadors.  Apply Now!! for registration : https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfXmdi4J_X03oc2VD…/viewform

 1. Applications are invited to fill vacant positions of Computer Lab... Assistants for the Peshawar Campus. Candidates should have the following qualifications:- Education: BSc (CS)/ DAE (Computer). Experience: 2/3 years of experience in networking and PC troubleshooting. Good knowledge of MS Word & MS Excel. 2. Send us your applications along with a photocopy of the CNIC and education certificate at suleman.khan@nu.edu.pk. Note: Please mention your contact number on an application as only shortlisted candidates will be called for the interview.



 About the Job: The ideal candidate will have experience in managing a project from start to finis...h. This candidate will be able to create a plan of action which will consider a fixed timeline and evaluate risks. This individual should also have experience managing people and be an effective communicator. As the Project Manager, the candidate will lead the charge on the most important initiatives at CreativeMorph. He will assemble and lead cross-functional teams, build credibility, and alignment among key stakeholders, driving strategic vision and a clear framework for programs & projects. The Project Manager should be a detail-oriented, get-things-done professional who can adapt quickly, and balance moving quickly with high-quality delivery.  Responsibilities: • Define project scope and schedule while focusing on regular and timely delivery of value. • Organize and lead project status and working meetings. • Prepare and distribute progress reports. • Manage risks and issues; correct deviations from plans; and perform delivery planning for assigned projects. • Assist in team development while holding teams accountable for their commitments, removing roadblocks to their work. • Leveraging organizational resources to improve capacity for project work. • Mentoring and developing team members. • Promote empowerment of the team, ensure that each team member is fully engaged in the project and making a meaningful contribution, and encourage a sustainable pace with high-levels of quality for the team. • Understand strategic problem solving, identify opportunity areas, make recommendations on priorities and for improvement. • Analyze project execution and identify risks before they impact timeline. Conduct post-mortems, root-cause analysis, and action plans safeguard against future challenges. • Take ownership of complicated projects. • Expertise with B2B SaaS operational processes & systems preferred, along with project management frameworks and tools. Requirements: • At least 3 years of professional experience.  • Product, Program, or Project Management experience in a technology company. • Bachelor’s degree. • Hands-on software development experience. • Have a proven track-record of delivering big outcomes in challenging and fast-paced environment. • Must be an excellent people manager, able to lead cross functional teams with respect.  • Very effective interpersonal skills including mentoring, coaching, collaborating, and team building. • Strong analytical, planning, and organizational skills with an ability to manage competing demands. • Excellent oral and written communications skills and experience interacting with both business and IT individuals at all levels including the executive level. • Creative approach to problem-solving with the ability to focus on details while maintaining the “big picture” view. To apply, please send your resume to jobs@creativemorph.com with the subject title “Project Manager”.


Position: PHP Developer (1) CS/IT/Software Engineering graduates with 2-5 year's professional experience in Backend development using Laravel or any other PHP related MVC framework.  - Sound concepts of OOP, Databases, Logic Building, Requirement Engineering, Application Architecture, PHP (Basic and Advance level).  - Medium to strong level working experience in pure JS and Typescript. - Having strong Data Modeling concepts (RDBMS & working knowledge of NoSQL) ... Have understanding of Cloud Computing (Understanding of architecture, design and different services) and associated APIs.  location: Faisalabad  Salary: Market Competitive please share your CV at  hr.zawataafnantechnologies@outlook.com Or  Call:0320-6034560
 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.

 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.
Want to be a part of our fun team? CreativeMorph is looking for a candidate who experts in UI / UX. Responsibilities: • Should have knowledge of User Experience... (UX), User Interface (UI) & User Centric Design (UCD) in Enterprise Application. • Should be able to convert a design to responsive and dynamic websites using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript. • Solid understating of debugging web sites across all major browsers including mobile view ports. • Should be able to create interactive animations using JavaScript or CSS. • Experience with CSS preprocessors such as SASS or SCSS is a huge plus. • Any experience in React, Angular or Vue is a huge plus. Requirements: • At least one year of web-based software experience with proven UI/UX design & development portfolio • Proficient in Adobe Suite, HTML, CSS3 and responsive UI frameworks like Foundation, Bootstrap, Bulma etc • Should be able to convert a PSD to a pixel perfect responsive UI. • Bachelor in Computer Science / Bachelor or Associate Degree in Graphics Design, Web Design or related fields. • Demonstrated track record of delivering UI/UX development capabilities • Excellent profile of complex web and mobile application UI & UX design and development. To apply, please send your resume to jobs@creativemorph.com with the title “UI/UX Developer”.
Commitment and dedication towards academic excellence are upheld by FAST NUCES Lahore. We strive to bring out the best in you. 
 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.
 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.


 Bachelors of 4 years or Masters (MBA Marketing and BBA Marketing and Computer Sciences/IT/SE)  - MUST have very good knowledge of computer. - Knowledge of SEO, CMS, Web Development is a plus.
We are looking for a passionate Web Developer to join our office at the commercial market, Rawalpindi. Developers having good experience of HTML5, CSS3, Javascr...ipt, jQuery, PHP, and WordPress will be preferred. Minimum Experience required is six months. The last date to apply is 27th October 2019. Apply at hr@fdstudio.net



Sports Week started at #FAST_NUCES_Peshawar for students of all departments and disciplines of the university. The event is organised by the #SportsSociety  in ...which selected students from all faculties served as volunteers under supervision of staff members. The event consist of games like Badminton, Cricket, Volleyball, Futsal, Table Tennis, Ludo, Chess, and Basketball.

 Interested candidates, Please share your resume at Tehmastehmas@rightjobs.pk
The biggest event of the year, "GIK INNOVATION SUMMIT '19" is getting closer and closer. Spend 3 days of fun, excitement and much more, all in the beautiful loc...ation of GIK Institute with your friends. So what are you waiting for? Event dates: 22nd - 24th November, 2019. Represent us at your institute and get a chance to avail special perks! 1. Free participation on bringing more than 10 participants. 2. Original GIS merchandise. 3. Free IET hoodie and certificate of ambassadorship. 4. Chance to compete for best Ambassador Award. 5. Cash prize up to Rs. 20,000. Deadline for ambassadorship call: 18th Oct,2019. Register at the following link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSchXoDsvsKVtWhXrU…/viewform
Highly Skilled Faculty of Civil Department at FAST NUCES Lahore yields outstanding civil engineers who are prepared to outperform in the contemporary industry.
Part 1 my 72% Marks Aya Hain! Kaya Cyber security my Admission Possible ha ya Nahi ?


Bs software engering ka dakhlay december ma kholain gay?
Only interested candidates can apply and send your resume on given email.
 Interested candidates, Please share your resume at Tehmastehmas@rightjobs.pk




The most awaited Ambassador Call for NEO'20 is now open! Become an ambassador for the biggest technical event in Pakistan hosted by IEEE GIKI. Avail this chance... of getting quality technological experience and interact with the most skilled robotics teams from all over the country. There are limited slots for ambassadors. So don't miss this opportunity and Apply Now! For Registration : https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfXmdi4J_X03oc2V…/viewform…

#DataScience is trending nowadays in job market. ACM Student Chapter Peshawar felt a need to educate students about the field of #DataScience integrated with #M...achine and #Deep #Learning. The speaker, Dr Chan Naseeb is a Lead #Data #Scientist at #IBM Data Science & #AI Elite team, Germany. He brings overall 17 years of AI and CS (Data Science, ML, DL) related experience across different industries, of which 13 years is in professional context.  He was the technical lead of open source platform #KAVE. He was also R & D lead for Data Science research and prototyping solutions for industry related problems. He holds a Doctorate in Engineering (data analytics) from TU/e, The Netherlands.  Details are listed below: Date: 8th October 2019, Tuesday. Time: 11:00 am - 12:30 pm. Venue: Hall-A
 The Summit, composed of talk sessions, provided software engineers, managers and start-ups with the latest trends in the technological world. The participants were provided insights into international market enabling them to stay ahead of the curve. The summit started with the welcoming remarks by the Director Dr. Muhammad Tariq followed by Mr. Farrukh Malik, corporate executive of Discretelogix. Afterwards Mr. Adnan Faisal, head of “Technology Incubation Centre” (largest tech incubator in Pakistan) delivered the ways of building start-ups. Maryam Arshad Mahmood, founder and director of Impact Dynamics enlightened us about Growth Hacking. Ms Maryam provided methods for early-stage start-ups who need massive growth in a short time on small budgets. Making an app is one of the most in-demand courses and Mr. Waleed Waseem, founder and CEO at Productbox, showed it in the easiest way possible. At last but not the least, Mr Fahad Aziz, a co-founder of healthcare start-up: CareMerge talked about future technologies and global market. The Rector Dr. Alvi concluded the summit with vote of thanks to the speakers and organisers.



Gear up for the most anticipated technical event of the year, NEO'20 is coming your way! Ambassador call opening soon
We, at CreativeMorph, are idea generators, goal seekers, challenge-thirsty professionals, creators of unique Internet projects. From mobile and web application ...to UI/UX design, we offer a wide array of services to our clients. Our goal is to deliver unconventional solutions, combining the most advanced web technologies, modern design and bold communication. For us, each project is a meaningful adventure, in which we become partners with our clients, on the road to perfection. Follow us on LinkedIn and apply to become a part of the CM Family! we're growing and always looking for talented people to join us to help us grow! https://www.linkedin.com/company/creativemorph1 for constant job updates!
We are looking for ASP.NET MVC developer that will be able to develop and support existing applications. The main scope of work will include everything from back-end to client-side code, using optimal and efficient technologies, frameworks, and patterns. Your primary responsibilities will be to design and develop these applications. You should be able to write functional code with a sharp eye for spotting defects. You should be a team player and excellent communicator. If you... are also passionate about the .NET framework and software design/architecture, we’d like to meet you. • Upgrading, configuring and debugging existing systems • Revise, update, refactor and debug code • Strong understanding of ASP.Net web forms, MVC, ADO.NET, JavaScript, jQuery, Web Services, HTML, CSS and Bootstrap etc. • Experience in developing ASP.NET MVC applications • Proficient knowledge in MSSQL • Implementing enterprise application patterns • Excellent communication and problem-solving skills


 Candidate must be comfortable in demonstrating his grip on Javascript ES6, Asynchronous programming, Nod...e Js, Caching,Generic Error handling, Microservices, Schema and Schema less databases. Having knowledge of Event driven programming, queuing, typescript, docker, git, shall will be preferred. To apply: Please send us your resume at jobs@creativemorph.com with "Backend Engineer" as the subject line. For more company updates and vacancies, follow us on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/creativemorph1
 Candidate must be comfortable in demonstrating his grip on Javascript ES6, Asynchronous programming, Nod...e Js, Caching,Generic Error handling, Microservices, Schema and Schema less databases. Having knowledge of Event driven programming, queuing, typescript, docker, git, shall will be preferred. To apply: Please send us your resume at jobs@creativemorph.com with "Backend Engineer" as the subject line. For more company updates and vacancies, follow us on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/creativemorph1
#PYV2030 #Literacy #Illiteracy #Pakistan #Youth #Vision2030 #SEHAR
 IEEE FAST-NUCES Student Branch PWR and Placement Officer have invited Mr. Ibrar Khan, to deliver the session for young graduates and Final Year Students in correspondence to their career needs. His enthusiasm ignited the fire which accelerated the thinking process of young graduates about making critical choices about their career options. The session is collaborated with Talk World and sponsored by Career Pakistan.
Through industry projects and learning opportunities, FAST NUCES Lahore allows its students to unleash their potential to make Real-World Impact in their desired fields. 
Through industry projects and learning opportunities, FAST NUCES Lahore allows its students to unleash their potential to make Real-World Impact in their desired fields. 

AnyOne doing MS-SE...??? Need a little help
Registrations for Ambassadorship for GIS'19 starts today. Don't miss the opportunity to be a part of Largest Event of the Year.  Last date to apply for Ambassad...orship : 18th October 2019. Incentives : 1. Free participation on bringing more than 10 participants. 2. Original GIS merchandise. 3. Free IET hoodie and certificate of ambassadorship. 4. Chance to compete for best Ambassador Award. 5. Cash prize up to Rs. 20,000 Fill the form and register yourself online at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSchXoDsvsKVtWhXr…/viewform…
 > BBA-MBA(Marketing) for Customer Care  >25k-30k if selected for job Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk
 The successful candidate will be given visa and work permit and rellocation.... Good salary package and perks. Please apply if you have strong background and vast knowledge in these domain.
A multi-national company is looking to hire IT Recruiter for their I-8 Islamabad office. FRESH GRADS are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume at mark@broadaxis.com
Anyone here who was appeared for lab assistant test held at fast uni islamabad on 28 Sep 2019 ???
Hurry up, the clock is ticking. ⏳🕐 Don't miss your chance and apply for 1st Tech Summit Peshawar 2019...!! #incubation #techsummit #tec #technology #latest #science #studygram #methodologies #leaders #Pakistan #siliconvalley #FAST #FAST_Peshawar #peopleofpakistan #fastians #urbanpakistan #fastlane #fastpwr #fastpeshawar #nucespeshawar #fastnuces #igpk #fastpwrincubation
 #incubation #techsummit #tec #technology #latest #science #studygram #methodologies #leaders #Pakistan #siliconvalley #FAST #FAST_Peshawar #peopleofpakistan #fastians #urbanpakistan #fastlane #pakistan #fastpwr #fastpeshawar #nucespeshawar #fastnuces #igpk #fastpwrincubation
What was closing aggregate for CS in FAST Isb this time?



We wish you all the best of luck with your Midterms. Go forth and ace your exams.  #FASTNUCESLHR #AllTheBest #Midterm1 #AceYourExams

 Come and learn new and efficient ways of dealing with the modern problems of society. As technology has been integrated into ...our lives so have their problems. The old ways and methodologies are no longer efficient. We in our TECH SUMMIT’ 19 being held at FAST NUCES Peshawar will be providing you with such methods to deal with such hassles. Join us, among the presence of different professional and experienced Technological Leaders of Pakistan and Silicon Valley (USA). #incubation #techsummit #tec #technology #latest #science #studygram #methodologies #leaders #Pakistan #siliconvalley #FAST #FAST_Peshawar #peopleofpakistan #fastians #urbanpakistan #fastlane #pakistan #fastpwr #fastpeshawar #nucespeshawar #fastnuces #igpk #fastpwrincubation #university #student #uni #learning #studygram #universitylife #science #engineering #motivation #success #summit #pwr #Peshawar
Still confused what CSA'19 is all about? Here you go! This is a brief overview of the program. The registrations are still open. Don't forget to register right now! Registration deadline: 25th September, 2019 Registration Link: https://nvc.com.pk/wp/csa-participants/

Do  i have to give fast entry test if i give nts..
I have got 61% marks in fsc.How much should i score in nts to get admission in Electrical engineering.

i have 74% in 1st year but overall 61%. If i take gap year will universities calculate aggregate by using only 1st year marks or use overall number of fsc to calculate aggregate.Plz some help me.
Do the fast islamabad offers couses in fall 2019 ?

DEADLINE is approaching, SUBMIT your paper now....!! #IEEE #Conference #FAST #Peshawar #FAST_NUCES #pwr

We are looking for fresh candidates from Rawalpindi/ Islamabad for office work at different posts. Male/Female both can apply. If you are talented and have good skills to communicate with others then be the part of our team. Interested Candidates Send Their Cv's to the Given Whatsapp number. 03110709477
Salam i need any discipline supervisory and civill RE for firm renwl
We are looking for fresh candidates from Rawalpindi/ Islamabad for office work at different posts. Male/Female both can apply. If you are talented and have good skills to communicate with others then be the part of our team. Interested Candidates Send Their Cv's to the Given Whatsapp number. 03136690039
 Given your interests and contributions to research and academia, we invite you/your research students to submit papers to 15th International Conference on Emerging Technologies 2019 (ICET-2019) which will be held on 2nd-3rd December 2019 in Peshawar, Pakistan. It is a flagship conference of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Islamabad Section, Pakistan
Is GAT acceptable for adm in MS Engineering??
FAST National University Lahore Campus is a top-notch institution known for its academic excellence. We aim to produce future thinkers, and innovators in order ...to shape the future of the nation and humanity through high-quality education and research.  Our highly intellectual faculty strives to develop a nurturing environment for delivering quality education through discovery by developing state of the art curriculum, grounded in scientific, and technical knowledge that emphasizes practical applications and provides opportunities for hands-on experience. FAST NUCES Lahore Campus has maintained its traditions of developing highly competent graduates with sound knowledge, social responsibility, and lifelong learning skills that has enabled them for successful careers.

Hello, I am in BS-CS Batch19' at FAST,Lahore. I would like to shift to Islamabad Campus. So if anyone from Islamabad would like to swap with me please contact me.
Whether fast university take their own test instead of taking nts for university or do they want students to take first nts test and then fast nu test?

I’ve 640 in metric , 618 in fsc. How much should i score in nts test for getting admission in bsse ? And how muh minimum will be fine to get admission in that field.
My office is looking to create a marketing team. The team's responsibility will be to create the complete marketing strategy for a new product and to execute th...e strategy as well. Office is in rwp. People with a passion for marketing can sende their CVs at ali.hasnain@ukan.co Obviously BBA grads with a passion for marketing will be the ideal candidates but if you have a knack for marketing apply away.
Fast isb ma spring admissions kab hain
I am taking gap year.My marks in 1st year r 385 but overall r 676.Should i give improvements or not?in my opinion i should not give improvements cuz all the universities ask for 1st year marks ,they only need 60percent marks overall which i have and secondly they calculate aggregate from 1st year marks.Am i wrong or  not someone plz help and guide me.
Alhamdulillah. Pakistan's First Weekend School System Free education for child labour/underprivileged children. My Weekend School is an attempt to win war again...st poverty and illiteracy.  It's an alternative education system for 23 million out of school children living in Pakistan. Most of these children works whole day & gets free at Weekend. Our school starts around 2 PM these students can easily join us after their work which usually ends before this time. Aghaz Weekend School is a system of education designed for the deserving yet underprivileged students. it is teaching more than 40 students with free bags, books, Copies, clothes, sports items and stationery in the Agahz Weekend School System Peshawar.Join my mission by sharing this Post Address: Sardar Ahmad Jan Colony Near Faqir Abad Peshawar. Admission Open Contact Whatsapp : 0345-1113812
 For the first time in GIKI's history, an event named, National Military and Defense Convention, is introduced by IMechE whi...ch looks to promote innovation of Pakistani military technology. Motivational speakers of military rank will be invited and 4 modules will be held which will cover military informatics and will act as a platform to exhibit creativity.
 Do you want to be a part of our fem...ale-powered community of freelancers where we provide you with work that you can complete according to your own schedule at the location most convenient for you?  
 Visit our Careers page and submit your application today!

 It is a flagship conference of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Islamabad Section, Pakistan. The conference was first launched in Pakistan in 2005 through auspices of the IEEE-Islamabad section and has been conducted every year for the past one and a half-decade. FAST-National University has the honor of hosting the prestigious conference for the fourth time in its history and will be bringing the conference to Peshawar.



Paid MTO Program Educational Background: BBA/MBA/Electrical Engineer

 > BBA-MBA(Marketing) for Customer Care  > BSC/MSC for Listing , Magento Developer & E-commerce Inventory Management >25k-30k if selected for job Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk


Asalam o alaiqum! Someone please guide me about test pattern of BSCS and from where should we study for it (material) etc. My younger brother has to appear for test in upcoming admissions.

We are hiring Customer Service Representative (CSR) having UK Based Project (Injury Claims) at TELENERDS Requirements: Good communication skills (English) Good telecommunication skills Hard Working & Dedicative... Male & Female both can apply Fixed salary + Attractive bonuses + Incentives Working Hours: 3:00 PM to 11.00 PM Office Address: Office # 01 First Floor, Kashmir Road, Saddar Rawalpindi. Interested candidates should send your CV’S at E-mail: telenerds1@gmail.com Contact number: +92-330-5232492 WhatsApp Number: +92-336-9013238
How is fast peshawar?is it possible that after studying two semesters from peshawar i transfer to fast islamabad?plz someone guide me..


Do anybody know when will be the admissions spring 20 will open?
Fast me ye sir kha mile ge Fast islamabad
Finally Wait is Over....After Successfull completion of 1st Batch of all courses. New Batches of Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification Courses going to be start at NUCES FAST, Islamabad.Professional Certification Courses which will going to be offered are as: CCNA (Routing & Switching) Course Duration (3 Months) CCNA (Cyber Security Operations) Course Duration (1.5 Months)... CCNA (Security)  Course Duration (1.5 Months) IT Essentials Course Duration (1.5 Months) MTA ((Microsoft Technology Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) Course Duration (1.5 Months) MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solution Expert) Course Duration (2 Months)
MS Orientation day timing Islamabad campus
GUYS KOI BTA SKTA HAI CHANCELLOR YA RECTOR KI OFFICE TIMING AUR YE LOG ISLAMABAD CAMPUS MEIN BETHTAY HAIN?



Applied Programming Exemption Exam Topics
A&F k liya Konsi uni best hai Szabist ya FAST??
Does anyone have the timetable for second week of BSCS?

A leading IT company located in Islamabad is urgently hiring candidates for the position of Full Stack Java Developer. The ideal resource must have 02-04 years of experience in J2EE, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Strong OOP concepts and knowledge of database will be a huge plus. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in email subject)

can someone share complete outline of 1st semester courses. I could not found them on slate, I will be thankful
Hey guys! I'm from BSCS. I couldn't attend orientation and can't attend this whole week. I'm joining from monday so what should I bring with me? I have no idea.



A leading IT company located in Islamabad is urgently hiring candidates for the position of Full Stack Java Developer. The ideal resource must have 02-04 years of experience in J2EE, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Strong OOP concepts and knowledge of database will be a huge plus. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in email subject)

Join us on our path to success, and build a career with us! To apply, send your resumes at job@creativemorph.com.

Confiz is hiring Software Engineer - #Java. For more details and to apply please visit: https://lnkd.in/gWZ2B5d
Anyone have full course contents of Ap. programming nd design and analysis of algorithms for MSDS?

Any Hostels Near Fast  Department BS EE
Does anyone know about transport services(van) here at fast?
Anyone who knows transport from bahria town side who has route other than 7:00 am also ??
Anyone attended Bscs orientation today? Then please share schedule/timings.
Anyone from MSSE, who has attended orientation?
Any one who knows MS-CNS classes timing ??
 1) 3-6 years’ experience in web applications development 2) Sound expertise in AngularJS/React/vue.js 3) Hands-on with Web API (c#.net) an...d SQL Server 4) Good analytical and problem solving skills 5)Experience with material design/angular-material/polymer framework is preferred 6)Excellent communication skills for coordination with the clients Submit your resume here or email it at talent@systemsltd.com with the subject “Full Stack Developers”.
My admit card says that my degree is "BBA-B". What's that supposed to mean?

Need info about hostels near fast!!!!
Has anyone got the BSCS schedule? I could not attend the orientation.
Can any one share class schedule for MS EE
Anyone from MSCS????

My aggregate is 53%.Do i still have chance for admission in EE in Islamabad campus considering merit lists r uploaded but still there any ray of hope...
 Become a part of female-powered platform! Work remotely with our team of 100+ IT professionals according to your flexible working hours. Explore work diversity with lots of learning and venture of professional growth. Eligibility: - English fluency - Bachelor degree in Computer Science, preferably, major in Business Analytics, Machine Learning or Data Sciences. Master or Ph.D. is a plus - Have taken Data Science courses - Experience with software - Located in the Middle East or South Asia region - Available to contribute a minimum of 25 hours per week - Computer access with stable internet and a Google Drive - High attention to detail - Willingness to learn and a growth mindset
#Fall_Admissions2k19 #CS_or_SE_or_CE?? Hello, today I want to talk about a common topic of the group and that is *Should we do SE,  CS or CE?*  First of all let me tell yout that... CS and SE are BS programs CE is an engineering program Computer Science: As far as I know, Computer Science is all related to software, hardware, networking, data structure, algorithms, etc  Software Engineering(Non-Engg): As the name suggests, it is basically based on coding and software development throught the 4 years session. Computer Engineering: It is a mixture of Electrical engg and Computer Science. A CE student learns both about Hardware, Electronics, Software etc. 1. Is SE an Engineering Program??  The answer is NO!! Thats because it is a sub beanch of CS, and honestly thats the fault of or education system that NUST, UET, Bahria and a few more call it PEC accrediated and name it under engineering program However, it was designed by the international computer organizations as a subbranch of CS so that those who only want to study software can choose this field and at that time they called it Software engineering.. If you have a PEC accrediation number with SE degree and then you apply for an engineering job in any international firm they wont consider you as an engineer cause the whole world considers it just a BS(hons) program... So thats now clear that even if its pec accrediated or not, the world will consider it as a non engineering program.. 2. Can we apply for Software Engineer job after CE? The answer is YES! you can apply in any firm or centre, the only requirement is having skills and thats it!. 3. Is it good to go for Software engineering? Yes thats good to go, but consider that its not an engineering program  you are going for simply BS. 4. Is CS and SE same??? Answer is yes, almost... these two programs offer almost same curriculum and skills. 5. Is CE same as SE or CS?? No, because CE is an engineering program so its different in CE we will study hardware, electeonics like(sensors, ics, etc) and also programming and software related courses. 6. Should I do SE? Yes if you have interest and dont  care for an engineering program you can go for it. 7. Which one is better? CS or SE? Answer is CS Saad Iqbal CE - Fall19 (COMSATS Lahore) Joining Sept 2nd, 2019

Orientation timings? EE group?
What’s the timing of orientation? EE group
Fast ka transfer ka kya scene ha?

Bs software enginring m admishn ho ga na spring m
Send your resumes to jobs@creativemorph.com with the subject line "QA Specialist".
BS new batch ke classes kb se start hongi?

CS classes timings kya ha???
Fastian 😂


Old CS block kya h??
Updated Time Table of 1st week


Have any of you received your roll numbers for BSCS?
Online course reg ki samjh aye hai kisi ko? For MS students.
Kya se aur cs walon ka section same hoga is k accordance? Aur sections ki base py milte h?
MS (SE)  Time table Monday  Adv. Software Architecture (02:15 to 03:35)  Tuesday... Adv. SE ( 08:30 to 9:50)    App.Programming  (10:00 to 11:20)   Wednesday Adv. Software Architecture (02:15 to 03:35)  Thursday Adv. SE ( 08:30 to 9:50)    App.Programming  (10:00 to 11:20) RM SE (02:15 to 05:10)

Last date of fee submission was  30 july. Can we still get admission by paying fee?
When your 2nd year result comes. Apka phle se admission hua hota but agar apke number kam aaate and u fall below merit  Admission cancel tou ni hota seniors ?
Fast islambad ki second merit list lag chuki ha ?
Job Description: •    Developing concepts, graphics, and layouts for product instructions, Company logo, website and magazine •    Designing creative concepts f...or different marketing mediums including electronic and print •    Liaising with designers and printers •    Working with photographers for product shoots •    Contacting creative and content writers for write-ups •    Giving a road map to the web developer for the company website. •    Keeping a close watch on market trend, market demand, and competitors activities.

Did any of you recieve your roll numbers for BsCS
 I applied this year in Tampere University, Finland, with the following profile and got full tuition fee waiver and due to lack of funds for living, I defer it to next year. BSCS 3.23 CGPA, ...
What are we supposed to take to the orientation ?

FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science warmly welcomes its MS students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations Day of MS(CS)/DS/SPM Batch 2019. 
One-Off Studios is a PR & marketing agency working towards elevating customer experiences for its clients around the globe. If you’re interested to grow with us; apply away on the position that suits you best! Job Code: DS1b Prerequisites: CRM, AdWords, PPC Management, Branding, SEO *Salaries will be communicated to shortlisted candidates.
Recommend hostel for fast islamabd?



BBA ka closing merit koi bta sakta hay fast islamabad campus??any one
Fast ma ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, CYBER SECURITY aur ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ma sa konsa best ha?  Ageyy kis ka scope zyada acha ha.. agar koi senior inn department se ha to plz woh bhi lazmi guide kree.

Yrrr koi bata di main ni apply Islamabad campus main kiyaa ta muji peshawar campus main q mil raha hain admission????

 Candidate must have: + Proven work experience as a UI/UX Designer or similar role + Portfolio of design projects... + Up-to-date knowledge of design software like Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop etc +Team spirit; strong communication skills to collaborate with various stakeholders +Good time-management skills +Excellent English communication skills + Positive, energetic and respectful behavior Responsibilities: * Gather and evaluate user requirements in collaboration with product managers and engineers. * illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps * Develop UI mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how sites function and look *Prepare and present rough drafts to internal teams and key stakeholders *Identify and troubleshoot UX problems (e.g. responsiveness) * Adhere to style standards on fonts, colors and images Minimum BS in Computer Science or relevant field is required Only Shortlisted CV will be contacted

My score is 61.89 n closing of fast first merit was 62 this year.  Do I have any chance in second merit list? Will there be a second list?
anyone who do MS-SE from Fast ?
Fast uni ma bs software enginring kn kar rha ha
any here who selected in MS SE ? when will be orientation day ?
Need serious advice mein ne change of preference ki application fast islamabad mein submit krwai he uska result 31st ke bd aye ga and conditionally mera fast Peshawar mein hoo gaya!! What should i do to wait for 2nd merit list or go for fast Peshawar becoz my aggregate is 62.22 and fast islamabad 1st merit list aggregate is 62!!???
I got conditionally selected for FAST Peshawar for BS(CS) but my aggregate is 65. Should I expect to be selected in Isl campus or no?
Is it possible to switch from MSCS to MSDS though I have submitted fee for MSCS?????

Second List isb campus ki kab lagegi?


Bhai koi next bta da kab admishn hona bs software enginring k lia

Recommend female hostels near fast isb?
MS EE ki classes Kis time hoty morning ya evening ?
Preference was Fast-Lahore Conditionally selected for FAST-PWR How to change that from peshawer to Faisalabad or Karachi q Kay unkay merit pay a jata hay mera name.

Bs (artificial intelligence) kesi field ha . please guide !
Aoa  I need help  Mai fast mai MS computer science K liye apply Karna chahta hun  So GAT test de to fast K b test dena hoga kiaa??
Anyone in cyber security and digital forensics ?
My aggregate is 63.02% and i have taken admission in Bs(Ai)  agr second list ma Bs(Cs) ma nam  agya tu change kiya ja skta h field? please guide
Fast university karachi mai skill level par study karai jati hai means languages like c# and python etc toh sikhaii jayengi ya phr saari other universities ki tarah theory hi parahi jayegi  so that i make my plans for extra skills
What is the monthly average expenditure of people staying at hostels?
cs per semester fee??
aoa everyone. i've got selected in MSCS in islamabad campus. main ye puchna chahta hun k kia job k sath manage ho jata hai yahan MS?
CS from FAST or Software Engineering from NUST?

Mere dost ka Fast Peshawar mey admission hoa hy wo fast Islamabad mey migration krana chah raha is it possible ????

Ladies and gentlemen,  We would like to announce that the countdown for the *AMBASSADOR CALL* has finally begun. So get a chance to become an ambassador from yo...ur institution for the 7th International Science & Youth Symposium which is going to be bigger, better and greater than ever  Our Ambassador Call starts in just 2 days. Stay tuned!  #7th #ISYS ComingSoon!
Alhumdullilah Got selected in fast bscs islamabad campus 😀
Comsats or ims peshawar for software engineering?


Any flat or studio apartment near Fast university islamabad ? ksi ko pta ho tu guide kr dain kindly




FAST eligibility matric 60% and fsc 50% hai na BSCS ki?


Can anyone tell me how to migrate from one campus of fast to other
Seniors need expert review about MS EE How is faculty and how easy is to get good cgpa? How can we compare it to Comsats and Nust which uni do you recommend? what problems do you face like limited courses being offered or regarding schedule or anything else? Lastly how is campus social life? Thanks in advance

Yoo guys i have a question that which programming language is taught in Fast Bs Cs ? Python, java  or C++ ??
If someone has 48% marks in matric and 60% fsc is he eligible for admission
orientation 9 Aug ko hai ya 17 Aug ko?
hello;🙂 fast pshwr mai agr admission krly bnda...tau bad mai migration hoskta kisi or campus mai? or knsa campus achw h fast ka?

aoa everyone. i've got selected in MSCS in islamabad campus. main ye puchna chahta hun k kia job k sath manage ho jata hai yahan MS? or uni walay koi jobs offer krty hain MS students ko? or krty hain to kis type ki hoti hain? means teaching associates ya research side py?
AOA FAST Islamabad may MSCS ki evening classes hoti hy ya morning. Kindly help me thanks.

aoa everyone. i've got selected in MSCS in islamabad campus. main ye puchna chahta hun k kia job k sath manage ho jata hai yahan MS? or uni walay koi jobs offer krty hain MS students ko? or krty hain to kis type ki hoti hain? means teaching associates ya research side py?

What was the closing merit of bba?
Any one in MS M sec isb campus?? 😉


BS cyber security from Fast Isb or Bs Cs from Fast peshawer


Any Ms EE student here ?
A leading IT company based in Islamabad is urgently hiring Java Developer  For Java Developer role the resource must have 2-3 years of total work experience in core java, development, J2EE, strong in OOP, experience of dealing with ERP projects will be a huge plus. -Job timings: 11 am - 8 pm Excellent package will be offered to the shortlisted resource. Only those apply who can work in the above mentioned office timings. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in subject)
Hllo everyone . My merit in fast nu is 62  is there any chance in 2nd merit list...cs
Fast bs second list?  Kb lgygi..
Hay. Member’s! I wanaa know about fast Mba? I got selection letter, but i don’t know this letter is for morning or evening? Because at the time of admition application, its not mentioned that either we are applying for morning or evening.. nd i want to get admition in evening timings, so is there any possiblty if this letter for morning can we shift to eveining? Nd as well as what’s the timing for morning and evening session?
Yrr I've been Selected for BBA in Fast islamabad, Can someone pls tell me about hostels there? Plus is it better that I do BBA from FAST or I should do some engineering stuff from IST?
Any reviews for MS Data Science from Fast islamabad? Fast mei kabse MS Data Science karwa rahe? aur merit kiska zyada hota CS or Data science?

CS ke fees jama krane ke last date 30th july ha??


#Position #IT #Support #Engineer #Service #Coordinator #Islamabad #Multinational Position: IT Support Engineer  Education: BSCS, Bs IT, Bs Software Engineering Note: Maintain high performing service support functions including IT Service Desk, Desktop Support and VIP Support 1 to 3 years of work experience in IT industry preferably  Interested candidates, Please share your resume at farooq@rightjobs.pk
How's Peshawar campus of Fast and how's it's bs cs dept.???
Long time not been in touch, graduated from Fast 5 years ago. I want to check for someone what's the closing merit for BBA - someone I know got 54  in test and appears not selected ( should be waiting )
MS(Data Science) from fast MSCS from Comsats
hello guys, i got the selected msg for Ms(CNS) can anyone of u tell me the credentials which i need to take with me for addmission and also the first appearence fee... thanks..
Koi senior btaye ga ka MS data science ki classes kitna din or timing kia hoti hain?
Jin ki Last date 27 ha fee submission ki....kya un ki b 30 tk extend hogai ha???
Agar kisi ka naam fast Peshawar main ata hai tou Kia usska naam fast isb ki kisi aur field main aasakhta hai ? Aur migration karwa sakhtey hein aesay?
Suna hai Documents n fee submition date extend ho gai hai .... its 30th July now
AOA, Any student from FAST Islamabad doing MS CS or MS CNS.
i received email of conditional admission in fast peshwar campus bscs .....fast peshwar campus kesa ha seniors se guzarish ha apne  raye ka izhar karien?
AOA FAST Islamabad mn MS CNS k fall 2018 ka time table ksi k pas ho ga?
Can we apply now for BBA in FAST ?
Ager status not selected ho to matlb ab final result aa gaya oar selection ni hoi??? Oar kya not selection walo ka score ni btaty?😭
Can any one guide which will be better cs from fast or cs from nust?
Closing merit kahan sy pata chaly ga?


Today a email came to me from Fast. They were saying that i am not selected in Islamabad campus but selected in Karachi campus (BBA). Kiya kisi aur ko be aise mail aye?

Dear members AOA How is MBA at Fast? Which specialization is better finance, HRM ? Does the graduates from Non-business background face some difficulty in studying as compared to the graduates from business background. Can anyone from non-business background who studied MBA at Fast can share his/her experince. Sincere suggestion will highly be appreciated.... Thanks in advance  Jazak Allah


Yaar peshawar campus main kiya halaat hain plzz btao

Karachi ky bscs and bs(se) ki last seat kitne pe gai?
Guys plz give me Info about BS AI
Friends, is there any process of migration from one campus of fast to another campus? I mean, if you clear 2, 3 semester in fast and then there is migration till Lahore or Peshawar?
Aoa Guys fast faisalabad campus lahore k comparison ma kesa ha??
I want information regarding MBA. Do FASt offer MBA in morning or evening? Plus how many days in a week clases are there ? Normally timings of a day??

AOA  Yar maine 2nd year main 1st year k paper cancel kia tha jis ki waja se mera pass cancellation dmc hai jis main total marks ni hai aur 2nd year result awaiting hai tu ab kia karna hai yeh 1st year cancellation dmc submit karo??
A leading IT company based in Islamabad is urgently hiring Java Developer  For Java Developer role the resource must have 2-3 years of total work experience in core java, development, J2EE, strong in OOP, experience of dealing with ERP projects will be a huge plus. -Job timings: 11 am - 8 pm Excellent package will be offered to the shortlisted resource. Only those apply who can work in the above mentioned office timings. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in subject)
Fast ke qareeb koi hostels ka bata de yar 😇
Ms ki list kb tk.upload hoge?? Any idea 😔😔
Is there any possibility to transfer admission (MS) from ISB campus to LHR campus?
(Good Oppertunity For Male & Female ( Part Time & Full Time)) Looking for staff for our Office HR management , Financial Education, Customer care projects and Sales work with us 3 to 4 hours and earn good income  Education:intermediate  Location Rwp/Isb Only ... Good communication skills required. Male and Females can apply. Interested candidate are encourage to apply and send me their details through sms or CV's to the given Whatsapp number.03055761706 Name Qualification City Name Cell No# Experience

Salaam all, 2nd list kab lagay gi ?
59.08 aggregate  . Any chance in Fast BSCS?
Anyone here jis ka Ms (EE) isb campus ma admission hua ho ?
Anyone here jis ka MS (EE) isb campus ma admission hua ho ?
 Apply Here: https://forms.gle/8jHEXqXV7tKynK5P8


which uni is best for cs comsats
Can anyone tell me about hostels in Islamabad near FAST ?
yr me ja rha addmsion krwanay fast ka ghlti say part 2 ki origional roll no slip ghar reh gye photo copy hn pari koi problem to nhi ho ga jo jo addmsion krwq kr aya ha plz batain?



MS ki list kab upload ho gi??
Fast or comsats Which is better for Electrical Engineering?
How to apply for Loan in fast??

Friends fast k result or merit list kahan c mlega
Kindly someone please tell me that the score which the fast university site is showing. Is it score of our test or aggregate?

Fast CS vs Fast EE Sincere Advice Please
Anyone tell me about the bscs merit and tell me about the fee structure for the bscs in fast university.
Selected in BBA? Comment your aggregate below!
55.8 merit.. Any chance in BBA SECOND LIST??



 Many congratulations to all who have secured admission already. Just a piece of advice to people who are about to join undergraduate school. Do NOT attend engineering school unless you have a very clear road map in your mind to follow. The job opportunities are constricted owing to declining economic outlook and you may find yourself in deep trouble if you opt for engineering just by assuming that "engineering ka bohat scope hai". For those who are trying to figure out which career path they should be opting for consider IT-related disciplines, Finance and Law. Explore and weigh your options carefully and once you decide what you want to do then just work hard to prove your decision right. Best of luck for your future endeavours.

Kya new students ke liye koi scholarships hein plz guide me ?
2nd list kb lgni fast ke?

Cyber security better hai ya EE?????
is fast transportation facility is available in pindi ?
Salaam all, What's the merit of BBA this year ?
Yrrr still confused of bba of fast..quaideazam ka bba acha hay ya  fast ka in terms of market value ??deciding finally so plzz sincere suggestions...
Cyber security ka cut off aggregate kya bana hy
Suggest me.  Electrical from FAST LHR.  Chemical/Electrical from COMSATS LHR. Electrical from ITU LHR. SE from PUCIT.... Any other Engg. From Uet LHR (Subcampus)
bhaio fees refund policy kai baray mai kuch bata dai
******Serious Post Plz****** I'm selected in FAST-NU for Electrical Engineering in LHR Campus.. But I cannot afford the fee of this institution.. What could I do now?? Can I get Student Loan, Any Scholarship or any Financial Aid.??... I want to accomplish my dream for studying here.. Any Situation?? PLZ HELP.. #Serious_suggestions_needed
Required documents for fast admission  Matric dmc copies  Inter dmc copies And cnic copies  Lakin hamre tu abi tak fsc result announce ni howa hai aur 27 july last date hai for admission tu yeh kia scene hai?
I got selected in FAST BSCS in Lahore Campus. Is there anyway I can switch to Islamabad Campus before the University starts in August? I want to switch due to personal reasons. It there is a way could you kindly explain it to me ? Thank You
Last date for the submission of the dues for Fast is 27th july. Comsats merit list isn't displayed yet. Comsats aggregate is 72%. I want to do bscs from fast islamabad. If i go for fast, can i switch my course ? 
Mera comsats islamabd mien aggregrate 83 hay matlab udhr cs mien hojayay ga aur fast mien admission hogya hay. Mien yeh janana chahta hun kay in donoon ki study mien kitna farq. I am not talking about campus life. I am talking about actual study. Which is better?
I am selected in Fast karachi for software engineering. It will be good for me because this is a new field in campus?


Serious suggestions required for Bs Artificial Intelligence in Fast Isl campus. Should I go for it or not? Plz help me I m very confused about it.
 Mne islmbd campus mn test diya h ab sirf islmbd campus ki lists mn aag. K mutabik naam aye ga ya kisi doosry campus mn refer kr dain gy agr udr mera merit bn rha ho to?



For those who got selected in AI,can they please comment their test scores...Ty!
Alhamdulillah selected in BSCS Islamabad...❤️


Selected in cs
 Qualification : Matric & Above Age Limit : 17 & Above Eligibility : Everybody can be apply 
 Qualification : Matric & Above Age Limit : 17 & Above Eligibility : Everybody can be apply 

I want to change my campus form isb to lahore how can i aggregate 67.06

Aoa Agar kisi ne fast ka test diya hai aur admission nai hwa tou nts k test k through hosakhta hai ?


My aggregate is 48.5. I have applied for BBA. So, all those guys who have been selected. Can you tell me what is your aggregate?

I have 67.5 aggregate in fast NU test.Will i get admission in fast islamabad for CS??
A little information required. Does FAST submit our original FSC and Matric certificates at the time of admission? Can't we hand them attested copies instead? Thanks
results have been announced!
what will be the expected aggregate required for BS in Cyber Security this year in FAST ISB campus?
Maine jab options select ki thii to Waha pe software engineering ka Koi option nhi tha. Kindly Bata dain k k kya FAST mai software engineering karwaty han? If yes, to konsi option select krni lary gii?? Serious replies please.
Got 50-60 marks in NU test & 3.8 CGPA in last degree any chance of admission in MSCS, MSCNS & MS Data Science???


Which is better for bba?? Fast or quaideazam and why.... need serious suggestions plzz...
Fast ka qareeb koi acha hostel ha?
My Aggregate is 65+ Chances for CS in Fast Islamabad?

 Looking for Android App developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits. Developer will have to work on different projects of android to design and build good mobile applications for android devices.Candidates with good programming skills are encouraged to apply. - Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform - Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability - Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency - BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject - Proven software development experience and Android skills development - Proven working experience in Android app development and Have published at least 3 original Android app - Experience with Android SDK - Experience working with remote data via REST and JSON - Experience with third-party libraries and APIs - Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies - Solid understanding of the full mobile development lifecycle. Skills - Java Core, Android Studio, Json, Rest API's, Web API's
 Looking for Android App developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits. Developer will have to work on different projects of android to design and build good mobile applications for android devices.Candidates with good programming skills are encouraged to apply. - Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform - Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability - Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency - BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject - Proven software development experience and Android skills development - Proven working experience in Android app development and Have published at least 3 original Android app - Experience with Android SDK - Experience working with remote data via REST and JSON - Experience with third-party libraries and APIs - Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies - Solid understanding of the full mobile development lifecycle. Skills - Java Core, Android Studio, Json, Rest API's, Web API's


70 aggregate any chance in bscs islamabad campus ?


Agr. Kese nikalain? OR Karachi campus me BsCs ke lye kitna chahye?



Entry test (NU) mein 55 number ayen hein... Part 1 mein 327 and matric 892 ... Koi scene hai Bscs ka ?
When I applied there were only 4 preferences from which I could select. BSCS, BBA, BSEE, AF. Now Fast Isb site is showing it has AI, Cyber Security. How can I select them now?
will the aggregate  of the new Fields in NUCES ISB(AI and Cyber security) be low required or will they all require a higher aggregate this year?
Hello seniors  Entry test hai mera 17july ko test hai BBA ka please kuch help krain??
What about Cyber security? Is it worth at Fast or not?


My aggregate is 59%  Bba mai hojaega admission ?
my preferences are  1-SE 2-CS 3-EE I want to change my preferences it is possible or not i have given my test???????????

kiyh kohi mujy guide kr sakhta ky jis ny fast ka test diyh hun ky us my kis type ky question ateen hain .....any oneeee jis ny khud test diyh hun agr pta hy tu jeldi bta dain mera kl test hy
My preference was islambad but if my aggregate is good enough for lhr as well udhr mil jaega admission?
 This workshop teaches fundamentals of project management for new product development projects in a practical, discussion based forum. The scope includes both the process of project management as well as the skills needed to be an effective project manager using Oracle Primavera. Registration link: https://docs.google.com/…/1w6iyqL3A_LJo7lDDtK_xNS…/viewform…
Do you have what it takes? Please apply by sending your resumes to jobs@creativemorph.com.
I want to apply for MS data science  Student of Ms computer science software engineers or data science please comment
BSCS OR BSSE  which is better?
Those of you who are wondering about campus life at FAST, keep in mind that you have to creatively spend your time by your 'own' efforts. A University's responsibility is to provide resources, it's you who has to learn how to utilize them to make sure 4 years of your life are spent in a memorable manner. Am I right or am I right?
Yar last time 68 1st merit list ka closing aggregate tha ya last merit list ka? 🤔
My aggregate is 67 on the basis of nts marks....will I get admission in bba?

CS k liye 2nd list main kitny percent tk admission k chwnces hoty hain ?


Jska aggregate 71% ho uska lhr fast me BsCs me kea admission hojay ga!!?


aggregrate 62.90  kia lagta hai hojayega Fast Karachi mai?

Hello seniors  I recently completed my FS.c  To ab main ne fast university main BBA k liya apply kiya hai  To please ye bata dein k entry test k liya konse subjects pe zayada focus karoon.. Entry test k liya kya important hain please tell me... Thanking you in advance.
NU test ka result Kab tk upload hota hai??
Respected seniors ,   Maine recently Fast ka Entry test dia hai... Wo poochna ye tha k agr mera Admission hogya to Ragging ka kia scene hai ... R meri ragging k umeedwaar hazir hon 😎😂

BBA ma essay ka marks add hotae hain ? Mera agg 63 bn raha ??
Friends agregate  57%ha  Any chance in  Bs Artifical intelligence or Cyber security
My Aggregate is 47.54 Any Chance in BBA in Fast

My aggregate is 63.5%  My chances in different campuses?? Karachi  Islamabad
Aggregate 65.23% ho jaye ga CS mai?

Just received admission offer.  A question to seniors. How’s life at FAST islamabad. Tough?
62.9090 aggregate of fast Nu test... any chance in Cs in isb??
AlHumDuLillah, I have received email of admission confirmation. My aggregate was 82.35 on NTS base in BSCS for Islamabad campus. Check your emails.  #GoodLuck
I received a email from fast and it says that u r contionally selected on the basis on nts so its means I am selected?but they doesn’t give me any aggregate on which I selected so tell me plz,what is the meaning of contionally selected?means if I fulfil there requirements then I will be selected?????
Yar din me kab se leke kab tak classes hoti ha usually? Aur mane aksar weekend pe shehr se bahir jana hota ha to iski waja se ziada farq to nai parega parhai pe?
Test date change ho skti hy kya?
FAST k test myn one copy of each document lana lazmi hy. Kia original document ki copy le kr jana hy ya Internet generated document le ja sakty?
Nts base se merit kaisy karty calculate???
407 /520 in 1 year  52/100 Nu test  Chances in Accounting and finance???
AlHumDuLillah, I have received email of admission confirmation. My aggregate was 82.35 on NTS base in BSCS for Islamabad campus. Check your emails.  #GoodLuck
Kia last year k closing merit yeh hai?
My aggregate is 45 %. Any chance in A&F or Cyber Security?
Aggregate 63.78 Any chances in FAST LHR?? For EE, CV, CS??


Yr ya sab ka nts ka araha ya NU ka bhi result agya hae
AGR aggregate 73.3 ho fast ka NU test for admission in BS CS to admission ho jiay ga Kia.
Merit list  kb tak issue hoti ha.




Anyone doing mphil English applied linguistics???
Serious advice. Would fast change my preference? I've paid fees tho. I know I won't survive private hostels so thinking about fast cfd. PLEASE? My NTS is 87

is fast faisalabad better than fast peshawar for cs ?
last year merit of electrical engineering in fast ( lahore)

Bhaio mera 62 marks ha nu test ma or 434 marks ha first year ma kiya mera admission ho jaye ga fast chiniot faislabad campus ma . Ma ne attempt sare kia ha negative marking kr k btana plz


Bhai koi hain jo suggestion de mujhi ke kess tarah fast Islamabad campus main admission mil sakta hain Meri saat test ke dowraan ek hadsa howa. Mera computer her waqt hang hota ta next orr back per click karni se jess ke wajah se mera kapi waqt zaya howa orr time ke kami ke wajah se bohat sari question jo kasam se main easily solve karsakta ta reh gai. Ek behenchod hum per kara ta oss se main ne kaha ke mera computer hang horaha hain. Tu oss ne kaha ke wait karo ess keliyi. Ess tarah main ne bohat noksaan otaya. Main bohat preparation ke tee NU keliyi. Per shayad kesmat ne saat nahi deya. Fast main admission leni ke bohat khwahish hain meri. Agar kesi ke paas koi mashwara hain . Tu mujhi do. Kya yeh possible hain ke mera admission hosakiga. Don't ignore
Fast islamabad hostel ka pata he? Some say apna koi he fast walay sirf hoty he usmy, some say private he. Can u guys suggest some?
Nu test ke correct marks milne ke baad .khud marks ke weightage ke hisaab se set karne parhte hay ya computer khud krta hay?
Mera fast k aggregate 51% Hai mera bba may ho jaya ga ?
66.0625 aggregate on base of nu test Cs chances islamabad campus ??
Plz i need some serious suggestion EE from uet or fast...? Which is best...
matric 780/1050 ist year 324/520 test me kitne marks hon tu EE me chances hai
AoA  Fast k aggregate kease calculate karte hai  Kia yeh method tik hai? Suppose If got 72% in fsc part 1 and 70% marks in test... So add 50% of fsc and test  Mean 36% +35 = 71% aggregate
Could anyone please share any detail regarding the NU test held in previous days? Detail about Basic and Adv Maths would be highly appreciated
What was the aggregate of CS AND BBA last year?




Fast entry test ke kiya timing hain? 2hrs or 3 hrs?
Salam I'm getting problem in online fee verification of Fast nu Isb
What does this essay part mean ? And please some topics for maths that should be prepared ?
MSCS ka test kis tarh ka hota yar ? Past papers pary ha to send kar da plz

Friend bs computer science ke leye comsats islamabad best ha ya Fast  univ.
yrrrrr fees challan jaama krwa diyh hy lkn verification message ni a rha koi treeka hun ga jis my check kr sakhun my na apni profile/ ya entry test registration my likha kiyh hy
How many if you applied for BS Data Science girlsand boys? Comment your marks


80% in Matric, 60% in FSc. 73 score in NTS.  Is my admission in BSCs Fasialabad Campus secured?  If not how many marks should I get in Fast Nu test?



 Job location:I-8 Islamabad
 - Strong knowledge & at least 1 year... of working in PHP including CodeIgniter / Laravel - Proficient in CodeIgniter - Strong understanding of object-oriented programming - Familiarity with MySQL - Ability to write clean, readable, and easily maintainable code - Understanding of fundamental design principles for building a scalable application - Experience creating database schema that represent and support business processes - Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests - Front end services knowledge & experience (HTML, CSS, AJAX And JavaScript) - Self motivated and ability to work on team and solo projects - Basic level of English writing skills and an attention to detail - Translate application storyboards, business requirements and use cases into functional applications - Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable applications - Integrate applications to one another using web APIs - Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications - Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to mitigate and address these issues - Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation - Liason with business teams to find better solutions to business problems
Yrr baat yi haa k main ni test timing Morning main set kiyaa taa abb muji kuch problems haa Merah test timing Evening karii ga Fast University wali agar main call karoo test merah 10 ko hain anyone please???




Avaza is looking for a Customer Success Manager for its Islamabad office!  What we offer: - Competitive salary with regular, performance-based increments - Paid holidays - Flexible work environment with on-premise lunch and snacks - Monthly reimbursement of commute expenses (Careem/Uber etc). Our office is based in Islamabad. - Company provided laptop - Ability to grow into other roles based on performance Interested? Learn more in the first comment and apply here: https://forms.gle/Bb7byD874j92uQAT6 #customersuccess #customerservice
I hope that you all might be able to find the guidelines regarding admission test of FAST-NUCES from its official site, but those who don't ,here is the attached .pdf file extension for guidelines.And Best of Luck 😊
Fast ka merit kitna hy
Brothers and sisters    fast islamabad ma admission   difficult ha like nust....       or    Artifical intelligence ya cyber security ma mlega easly
Fast ke entry test past papers kesi ke paas hain  Don't ignore😧😧😧
Bhai log meri BS AF aur BS CS dono ke test date alg alg din ae hein yeh kya scene hai.... Kya dono ka different test hoga?🤔🙄

Nts 76 Fsc 904 Any chances in bs CS in fast lhr or isl?
A well-established IT Company is looking for highly passionate graduates, for their new campaign. The company is looking to hire fresh graduates on a paid internship program that may lead to permanent role depending upon the individual performance. Responsibilities: Conduct research on a variety of topics related to IT Industry, as assigned by her/his supervisor Carry out Survey (Internet-based) for Data Collection... Draft and edit fact sheets, reports and communication Monitor and share relevant news, articles and publications Identify sources relevant public records /data and draft record requests Communicate with internal and external stakeholders Attend strategy and staff meetings, as needed To Apply Interested Candidates can send their resume and cover letter at aitsp37@gmail Education Bachelors in IT/Computer Science/Software engineering


If you're passionate about innovation and strive in a fast-paced environment, you've got just what we're looking for!  Drop your resumes at jobs@creativemorph.com with the position you're applying for as the subject.
AOA I want to know about Data science is anyone here already studying there or have some knowledge about it? And what about the merit criteria please pour some light on it.


I have scored 305 marks in 1st Year  I am interested in BBA.How much NTS marks are required? Your reply will be appreciated!

AoA Hope you all are doing okay, chilling at home or at summer school. Anyho, quick question!! I want to apply for MS either CS or DS CGPA 3.64... Gat 63 Can I get admission based on my gat score cz i dont want to give Nu-test? Or should I appear in NU-test as well.

 Interested? Learn more in the first comment and apply here: https://forms.gle/wLmKqCaMrvzqYRR39

Fast ki per semester fee kitni hai ?


Meri fsc part 1 main 395 marks hain.orr islamabad fast university keleyi apply ke hain.orr main chahta ho ke main zaroor hojawo fast main.kya mera admission hosakta hain fast main. Meri fsc bhe computer science hain.please give me a serious suggestion.I'm very tensed and depressed . How it would be possible for me to get admission in fast . Don't ignore .
Matric=969/1050(federal) Fsc part1=429/520(federal) Nts=69 Bscs chances in fast isb?
main ne bscs ko prefer kia ha (fast-nu) ,kia test ma physics ka portion ho ga ya nhi?cuz mere pass aik booklet ha us ma math ,english , analytical skills aur iq given ha,help seniors!

last year nts sai merit kya dah bscs isb ka?
What was the closing merit of bs cs in fast isb last year??
Fast main bba k lie entry test hota hai?
LUMS NIC LAHORE OPENS APPLICATION FOR BATCH 4         National Incubation Center Lahore has opened applications for Batch 4!  NICL is the best incubation and acceleration facility in Pakistan and is seeking problem solvers to come up with unique start-up ideas. We provide mentor-ship, business training, access to investors and corporates, VC Funds, VR/AR Lab, Makers lab, industry tours, chances to network, access to LUMS facilities and a platitude of similar services that encourage the development of an entrepreneur's creative and critical mind. Apply now : https://gust.com/programs/nic-lahore-cohort-4
Kia migration ho skti ha fast k dosre campus ma guide me plz
Muje SE and cyber security both k liya apply karna hai SE peshwar main hai CYBER SECURITY isb tu kia main dono campuses select ni karsakta?
Hye !!!  I wanna register fr a summer course. Can anybody plz inform me abt hostels near campus.

 Wont be able to give nu test cause live in quetta.
Hi new member 👋🏻 Just wanna ask how is fast ? And admission details


How verify fee in admission to get admit card
Hey folks,  I need honest insights here. Should I consider FAST NU Islamabad for MBA? Insights according to: Faculty, Teaching & Grading (lineant)?... Course Allocations for MBA? Open choice on LMS? Is MBA morning, evening or weekend??? Most importantly, I m new to Islamabad, I did my BBA from IoBM CBM (party shizz I know). I need to create a new network of friends and future alumni professionals. How boring is the campus life (assuming post grad is boring)
how to prepare fast nu test...plz guide......

I'm a poor student, Is there scholarships in fast nuces?
Fast uni k bscs ka entry test ka sample ya past paper mil sakta he??

Which university is best for BS(computer science)

AOA SOFTWARE ENGINEERING (Peshawar) CYBER SECURITY  (ISLAMABAD) Kia ya dono new discipline ay hai fast main??? Kia main cyber security  and SE dono preference main select kar sakta ho??????
950 marks in matric 434 marks in fsc part-1 With chemistry mujhe software engineering  Ma admission Lena k liye kitne marks Lena ho ga
Can i apply on the basis of NAT test that is to be conducted on 21st July??


hello everyone.  I would like to say some thing here.  I pay money for a lecture in FAST uni Isalamba who's name is Sahar Arshad. she did the academic works for me, she told me she is the lecture of FAST university.  and At the end of May… few works failed.  I ask her to refund me money.  but she blocked me and refuse to refund me money.  During the work period, I pay her around 10,000dollars. and know I know her identification card and everything also include home address.  I don't want her return my money now.  I just would like to show everyone there is a scam around u.  here is the chat history and her identification card.




chiniot campus ma bscs ma kasay apply karna ha

Guyzz meiny fast k liye apply kiya hai meri profile and challan pr to green tick hai but baki sb pr red q hai oar un or click karo to koi response ni hota....ye kya reason hai plzzzz guide me
 nu Entry test or NTS???

I've applied in FAST uni on the basis of NTS Will I get admission on the basis of NTS or they will take my entry test for the admission????
Koi Ms computer network and security Ka student ha is group me ..
GCDC Islamabad is bringing one of the Google's biggest flagship events to twin cities this June. It is a full day event full of many activities from hands-on workshop on TensorFlow to tech talks on Firebase, kotlin, Anthos to panel discussion on Cloud Computing and much more. There is also free food and Google Schwags for the attendees.  Registration Link: https://bre.is/rpQrK5uzr Venue: KNCT Hub Islamabad Last date to apply: 10th June, 2019
Revised Group Policy: Members who are here for the promotion of their pages or the ones who are here for the promotion of some irrelevant events are not welcome here at all. This group is for the students of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences(NUCES), or for those who want to join NUCES. Keep in mind that your posts, no matter how interesting they are, will never  be approved if they are not according to the policy of this group.
How to solve this problem tell Me
Fast mein BSCS k 1st semester ki fee kitni ha including admission charges?
I have 69.7% aggregate with Nat ie test  How much merit is required for admission in bs. cs???
What is the procedure for selection of test center for FAST test? I choose Islamabad as my campus preference. Does that mean I'll have to give my test in Islamabad? I wanna give my test in Lahore. But they didnt ask for any test center choice yet. Do they ask for the preferred test center after fee verification?
GCDC Islamabad is bringing one of the Google's biggest flagship events to twin cities this June. It is a full day event full of many activities from hands-on workshop on TensorFlow to tech talks on Firebase, kotlin, Anthos to panel discussion on Cloud Computing and much more. There is also free food and Google Schwags for the attendees.  Venue: KNCT Hub Islamabad... Last date to apply: 10th June, 2019


 Anzen is a Smart Home & BMS solutions provider using cutting edge technologies like Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence. We are looking for self-motivated quick learners who can work with us in designing mobile apps for our customers. We hire individuals who want utilize their job to learn new technologies, collaborate with team mates and superiors to develop new systems and take ownership of projects Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done, links to projects and live apps etc. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Send your CV to CAREERS@ANZEN.PK with subject Android/iOS developer

Fast k test ki preparation khis book sy krni chaiye Ecat or Nts ?? For CS
meray nts nat  mai 84 marks hain or aggreegrate ban rha hai 80.7 tu koi chance hai cs mai?
Admshns KB sy start hain??..r telecommunication Eng hai ?? K nii
 Any chances in CS oe Software Engineering???  and how many numers required in fast test to get admission?
 Anzen is a Smart Home & BMS solutions provider using cutting edge technologies like Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence. We are looking for self-motivated quick learners who can work with us in designing mobile apps for our customers. We hire individuals who want utilize their job to learn new technologies, collaborate with team mates and superiors to develop new systems and take ownership of projects Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done, links to projects and live apps etc. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Send your CV to CAREERS@ANZEN.PK with subject Android/iOS developer

Min marks required in NAT to get into fast cs?  Islamabad or lhr campus  Anyone?
924 in Matric 431 in F. SC part1 How much marks needed in FAST entry test to secure admission in Lhr's discipline..? Engg. Only
Hey! Anyone interested in freelance work?  There are few small tasks related to programming languages such as C, java, python, Lisp,  And few related to Cloud. IB me if interested, paid tasks.

Are 1210/1600 SAT and 600/800 SAT2 enough for admission into Fast? (Eligibility criteria states 1000 SAT  and 550 SAT2)

fast ka undergratuate ka entry test kb ha frndz
AoA... Muje ye pta krna hy k Comsats university ma Undergraduate admission leny k liye just 1 NTS ka test he dena hota hy na... Ya phir 2 tests hoty hain... Help
Save Pakistan!!! Please spread this message to do something for Pakistan #Promote_IT_in_Pakistan #Change_IT_Minister #Support_Yousuf_Baloch

 A well reputed construction company is looking for interns for a internship program that enables them to gain valuable hands on job experience of engineering industry. - Students majoring in Civil Engineering - Good spoken and written English skills. - Working knowledge of MS Office, Auto CAD and Primavera etc. - Candidate must be responsible, fast learner and self-motivated. Interested candidates may send their resume at admin@airrsassociates.com before 18th May 2019


I NEED HELP Related to HR and FINANCE both research works. FINANCE (industrial analysis on research paper) HR (QUANTITATIVE RESEARCH- scales k according questionnaire bnana ha Anyone of HR or FINANCE field?
https://www.csspmspk.com/new-batch-of-css-online-classes/
Industry: Telecommunication / ISP Functional Area: Computer Networking Total Positions: 2 Post Shift: First Shift (Day) Type: Full Time/Permanent... Department: Network Operations Center (NOC) Location: Islamabad, Pakistan Minimum Education: Bachelors Degree Title: Bachelors in Telecommunication/Computer/Electronics Engineering Minimum Experience: Fresh

KIPS G10 Islamabad campus sy say Apni Baitiyo ko Door raka jayi Is msg ko pori G10 k logo ko pohnchawo plzzz msg k Mokhtalif Groups mai post karo Sadqa e Jariya Mai Hisa lelo
Interested candidates can send their CV's at jobs@sofittech.com
 About the company Avaza is a global, cloud based software suite with integrated modules for Project Management, Time Tracking, Expenses, Invoices and more. Our all-in-one solution allows business of all s...izes to manage their complete work life-cycle in one app.  *Responsibilities* - Streamline the process for accepting feature requests - Distill and document customer feedback into concise user stories based on communication with customers and market research - Collaborate with the UX/UI, customer success and development teams on feature requirements, design, development, testing and review - Write detailed product requirements/specifications for new features and product improvements while keeping risks and product dependencies in mind - Assist the Product team with managing the product roadmap and prioritizing features in backlog on a regular basis - Perform complete usability testing of new features and improvements prior to production deployment - Take ownership of product update notifications to customers and collecting feedback *Requirements* - Bachelor's degree in computer science/software engineering or equivalent practical experience - Must have technical know-how of common technologies that are used to build SaaS products - Strong verbal and written English is mandatory - Ability to write comprehensive documents in a clear, concise and structured manner. - Demonstrable experience in writing product specs would be a huge plus - Ability to work with large volumes of data. Above-average Excel skills would be preferred - Ability to juggle multiple tasks simultaneously - Previous experience performing similar duties in a B2B SaaS startup would be an advantage *.What We Offer* - Competitive salary with regular, performance-based increments - Paid holidays - Flexible work environment with on-premise lunch and snacks - Monthly reimbursement of commute expenses (Careem/Uber etc) - Company provided laptop - Ability to grow into other roles based on performance Apply here: https://forms.gle/t4HxoRPYZQzFmWDE8
#callcenter We are hiring "Customer Relation Officer" for Call Center in Lahore.  The fresh person can also apply. Few seats available males / Females both can apply. 7 hours duty timing 1-hour break *Saturday/Sunday* OFF. Evening and Night shifts, (vo Jonsi apko suitable timing lagy bata dyna).  Intermediate and Graduation Student can apply.... Good Salary Packages.
 We are looking for ‘Information Security Engineer. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 4-5 years of experience in Pre-sales & Post-sales activities of products like network security and antiviruses at some distributor or system integrator. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals.
Job Title: Partner Account Manager (Sales Manager) Location: Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad Qualification: BE / BBA Salary: Market Competitive We are looking for ‘Partner Account Manager’. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 3 years of experience in IT Sales, Channel Management and/or Business Development.  Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals.

I got 84 marks in nts nat ics and my aggregrate of fast uni is 80.725 so any chance in bscs through nts merit plz tell me
Internship program at TECHMATE Engineering (Pvt) LTD
There is a storm headed your way. There seems to be no escape in sight. You have to wrap a cloth around your face and keep walking.
There is a storm headed your way. There seems to be no escape in sight. You have to wrap a cloth around your face and keep walking.


Nanomaterials research takes a materials science-based approach to nanotechnology, leveraging advances in materials metrology and synthesis which have been deve...loped in support of microfabrication research. Materials with structure at the nanoscale often have unique optical, electronic, or mechanical properties. https://docs.google.com/…/1Xf8OimpIGiekmS52_7MsRTH6skG…/edit Become an Ambassador via this link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfKm3L_PiUsqlOYo…/viewform… https://drive.google.com/open…
AOA..anyone know about lab assistant test pattern?
Smart materials consist of properties that react to changes in the environment hence enabling them to form the basis of many applications including sensors and ...artificial muscles. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfKm3L_PiUsqlOYo…/viewform… https://drive.google.com/open…

 Do you wan...t to be part of our female-powered community of freelancers where we provide you with work that you can complete according to your own schedule at the location most convenient for you?  Join our Data Analyst, Engineering, Content Writing, Design teams and more... Requirements: - English fluency - Bachelors degree or currently enrolled in Bachelors program (Masters/Ph.D. is a plus) - Eligible if you are willing to work remotely from the Middle East or South Asia - Available to contribute minimum of 25 hours weekly based on your schedule - Computer access with stable internet and a Google Drive - Meticulous, giving high attention to detail - Willingness to learn and a growth mindset Apply at www (dot) odetta (dot) ai/apply
 We are looking for ‘Marketing Executive’ for IT products. Candidates with 2 years experience or fresh graduates with previous internship experience are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.
 We are looking for ‘Marketing Executive’ for IT products. Candidates with 2 years experience or fresh graduates with previous internship experience are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.
 We are looking for ‘Marketing Executive’ for IT products. Candidates with 2 years experience or fresh graduates with previous internship experience are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.
 We are looking for ‘Marketing Executive’ for IT products. Candidates with 2 years experience or fresh graduates with previous internship experience are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.

Telenor is back with its super internship program for undergraduate and post-graduates disciplines. Candidates from all over Pakistan are encouraged to apply fo...r the Telenor super internship 2019.  Click on the link below to read the full instruction Paid internship Last Date: 26 April 2019 #pakistan #HEC #HECPAKISTAN #Education #pakistanieducation #job #internship #paidinternship #gradutae #undergraduate #internshipforundergraduate #comsats #Nust #lums #comsatsisb #summerinternship #summerprogram #summers #islamabad #isb #lahore #scholarshub #scholarships #scholarshub #telenor #6week #applynow #monthlystipend #scholarshubpakistan #telenorpakistan
Telenor Super Internship 2019 Paid Internship Telenor is one of Pakistan’s Leading Telecom company which provide its services all across Pakistan. Telenor helps... the Pakistani’s students to start their Professional Carrer during the higher studies by providing paid internships in all cities of Pakistan. Telenor Internship Program contributes towards the development of talented students by providing them an opportunity for industrial exposure through their internship at Telenor Pakistan. So hurry up to avail this opportunity and start a journey with Telenor. for more information open the link below: https://guidestudent.com/telenor-super-internship-2019-pai…/
https://www.facebook.com/events/333962960589842/?ti=cl
Majestic nature, luminary core and an amazing past:indeed it is Sibisoft we're echoing about. Being the biggest star of  its own galaxy, Sibisoft brings life to... the thriving universe of software solutions. Supported by its culture of integrity, openness  professionalism, respect and teamwork, Sibisoft has transformed into a collosal structure, adding new heights to the range of  viable software solutions. Guess what? Sibisofts' legacy doesn't end here. Beginning a new tale of glory and greatness, Sibisoft has decided to sponsor ABL Developers' Day 2019.
Every competition is a test of skills and each challenge an opportunity. Once again, time is tolling its bell as the moment to shine on the ultimate stage, is f...inally here. So, dive right into the details to learn more about the ones that you want to get in register!


GIKI Islamabad MS/Ph.D. Admission 2019 Ghulam Ishaq Khan Institute of Engineering Sciences and Technology Islamabad is a private institute situated in Islamabad... under the Govt. of KPK which offers admission in Graduate Programs Fall 2019 in various fields MS Degree Programs , Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Chemical Engineering, Electronic Engineering  etc. Location: Islamabad Last Date: 26 June 2019 Interview Date: 25 July 2019 for more information click here: https://guidestudent.com/giki-islamabad-ms-ph-d-admission-…/

 Team Developers' Day radiates a feeling of immense pride and incredible content in welcoming Allied Bank Limited as the Main Sponsor for Developers' Day 2019. We hope to strive past the point of utmost excellence with them on-board.
To know more about the dynamic events of FSAE International visit:  http://www.fsae.com/forums/archive/index.php/t-9281.html…


The world of technology is ever evolving, diversified, and easily leaves an impact on daily life. Developers' Day 2019 brings a once in a lifetime platform for ...all the tech talented individuals to showcase their developmental and managing skills as MATZ Solutions sponsors one of the most innovative and thrilling competitions, Mobile Application  Development.  Get ready to test your aptitude, and mark your flag over the fort as it does not get better than this! To register visit: http://www.developersday.pk/
Job fairs, interviews, career opportunities! All this and more coming to PAF KIET Main Campus, brought to you by Team Developers' Day 2019. We would like to who...leheartedly invite the curious, the ready and the upbeat students to come and ask questions about the details, the rewards, the competitions, and fill their queries!
Every competition is a test of skills and each challenge an opportunity. Once again, time is tolling its bell as the moment to shine on the ultimate stage, is f...inally here. So, dive right into the details to learn more about the ones that you want to get in register!

When the brightest stars align, even the darkest of nights become luminous. Presenting our sponsors, the stars of our industry, collaborating with ABL Developer...s' Day 2019 to guide you towards success!
Zooming in on the action, writing down the important details, getting the message out to the world, leaving behind no nook overlooked and no cranny overturned, ...this is the Daily KarachiTimes coming to FAST NUCES on the 17th to deliver the remarkable events about to go down at Developers' Day '19! Expect particulars focusing on engaging and engrossing news, all designed to immerse you in the special day.
Spending your intelligence on the right tasks helps one's mind to discover unexplored skills and abilities. Do you possess potential related to data science ins...ide you which hasn't yet been recognized? Seeking for personnels who possess overflowing skills in this technical field, Developers' Day '19 presents the competition of Data Science sponsored by Bank Alfalah . Participate in this data science contest and compete among many others to shoot your skills to the sky.
TPM presents ramzan futsal tournament in the heart of Islamabad featuring teams of twin cities. Gear up! Registrations and venue to be disclosed soon #letsceleb...ratewithTPM ❤ #CELEBRATEWITHTPM #eventsetup #eventplanner #islamabad #eventmanagers #karachi #rawalpindi #management #wedding #functions #birthday #tour #trips #sports #futsalskills #futsal #futsal⚽ #futsala #tournament
Matric=969/1050 Fsc part 1=429/520 Nts=69 Any chance in cs department in FAST NUCES islamabad.
 Do you want to bring your audience to their feet when your speech ends?  Then discover the following important elements that can help you give a successful speech at any stage. REGISTRATION FORM IS LIVE NOW! ------------------------------------------------------------ https://tinyurl.com/NDSMicDrop
#hiring #opening #IOS #Islamabad Location: #Islamabad Gender: M/F Min Edu: Bachelor in Computer science (Firstly there is a paid project from a dubai based company related to  front end ios app development (30k+), according to performance full time job will be offered). A dedicated person is required )  
The tilt table test checks if the vehicle complies with the rules for fuel spillage and rollover stability. At this point the teams have to present their cars i...n ‘ready to race’ condition. This includes all liquids to be filled to the level at which the car will be operated, all components of the car are mounted and it is fuelled to the max.
When the brightest stars align, even the darkest of nights become luminous. Presenting our sponsors, the stars of our industry, collaborating with ABL Developer...s' Day 2019 to guide you towards success!
 GfK PROCOM '19 knows how to take care of its own. Fasten your seat-belts and brace yoursel...ves, Fastians, for we bring you a special announcement. There are massive, cosmos level discounts available for Fastians if they wish to participate and be a part of this extraordinary journey. Hurry up, though, the seats are scarce and limited. Register as soon as possible!

A leading UK based IT company based in Islamabad is urgently hiring Full Stack PHP Developers The candidate should have 3-5 years of experience in PHP, MySQL, Javascript and a good understanding of MVC frameworks (specifically Codeigniter), or laravel, symfony, experience of working on ecommerce solution (e.g. Opencart, Magento, Shopify), HTML/CSS/JS,API development (payment API's development will be preferred) Market competitive salary and other benefits will be offered and ...discussed with shortlisted candidates Apply at : ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Full Stack PHP Developer in email subject) Candidates from Nust Fast and Comsats will be preferred but not mandatory
Stylist Campus Ambassadorship Program. Come & Join Us to enjoy online, flexible hours, part time job with perks like financial rewards, experience certificates ...& shields. This is only for school, college & university students.  To apply as ambassador click on the link below & fill the form. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfd86t65_EJ1Q9DHo…/viewform For details contact us on: https://www.facebook.com/stylistmatters/

#hiring #opening #SQA #Engineer #Islamabad
"The greatest of all arts is the art of losing ourselves in the service of others." JBS (A company of Jaffer Group), one of the leading private companies of Pak...istan, is actively contributing in national economic growth and social development. Experiencing a rich history of over 150 years, JBS (A company of Jaffer group) strives to differentiate itself from its competitors and achieve a leadership position in the chosen spheres of its activities. If you have a desire to learn and to lead, we have a desire for acquiring. Team GfK Procom'19 feels great veneration to be buttressed by JBS (A company of Jaffer group) , who serve their customers' needs in accordance with the short and long term objectives set by them.
 The aforementioned is just the tip of the iceberg in terms of all that awaits if you decide to tag along and register, be it solo or team. Promo Code: PROCOM19

#hiring #opening #SQA #Engineer #islamabad  Location: #Islamabad Experience : 2 years Gender: Female Min Edu: Bachelor in Computer science  
Can anyone tell me about the mid exams date sheet and the starting date??
IEEE WiE TechnoFest 2019 Ambassador Calls are now open! 📢📢 Register at : http://bit.ly/TechnoFestAmbassadors Everyone is encouraged to apply to receive the foll...owing incentives: Every ambassador will receive an ambassador certificate for his hard work - For the highest number of participants: 100% off on registration, free workshops and Best Ambassador Shield - For the 2nd highest number of participants: 75% off on registration - For the 3rd highest number of participants: 50% off on registration We'd definitely love to see you at TechnoFest 2019. Register yourselves as ambassadors before the time runs out! #IEEE #IEEECUI #TECHNOFEST2019 #IEEEWIETECHNOFEST2019


Full-time job opportunity at Creative Morph, a software house: HR Manager Primary Duties and Responsibilities: • Accountable for managing and overseeing all HR processes and functions • Provides leadership, feedback, and, where appropriate, discipline to team members... • Develop and execute recruiting strategy • Responds to general questions pertaining to company policies, procedures, and benefits programs • Provide HR policy and procedure guidance to divisions to ensure compliance • Manage the new hire process. Work internally and externally to locate and find candidates to fill open vacated positions. Assist with pre-phone call interviews, interviews with the management team and recommendations on candidate selections. • Conduct and ensure that all new-hire orientations are conducted timely and align with company practice • Create and keep track of tasks the teams are currently working on This description outlines the basic tasks and requirements for the position noted. It is not a comprehensive listing of all job duties of the associate. Education and Experience Requirements • Bachelor’s degree • Intermediate to advanced skills in Microsoft Excel and Word • Superior communication, influencing and conflict management skills • Ability to respond to associate requests/questions in a professional and timely manner • Ability to multi-task and handle a fast-paced work environment  • Must maintain the confidentiality of all associate issues Gender Preference: Female To apply, please send your resumes at neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “HR Manager”.
CreativeMorph is looking for Administrative Assistant!  Administrative Assistant responsibilities include answering phones, taking messages, preparing reports and maintaining appropriate filing systems. The ideal candidate should have excellent oral and written communication skills and be able to organize their work using tools. Ultimately, a successful Admin Assistant should ensure the efficient and smooth day-to-day operation of an office. Essential Functions • Executive su...pport to CEO, including CEO calendar maintenance and updates • Prepare and modify documents including correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails • Retrieve documents from filing system • Handle requests for information and data • Resolve administrative problems and inquiries • Prepare written responses to routine enquiries • Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements for managers or supervisors • Prepare agendas for meetings and prepare schedules • Open, sort and distribute incoming correspondence • Maintain office supply inventories • Participate and assist with Company Events • Coordinate maintenance of office equipment • Inform the supervisor of operational problems. Determine action necessary in supervisor's absence and handle matter not requiring executive disposition • Process and enter payments (Checks) into spreadsheet • Perform other related work as required Required Education and Experience • Bachelor’s degree • An intermediate to advanced Microsoft Office skill-set • Strong attention to detail • Ability to multitask and adapt to shifting priorities • Strong written and oral communication skills • Prioritizing and adapting within a multi-tasking environment; maintaining a high level of organization and efficient follow-up skills • To work well independently and display a high sense of accountability • To thrive in a fast-paced, team environment • Follow company policies and procedures • Maintain a positive attitude • Must maintain confidentiality To apply, please send your resumes at neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “Administrative Assistant”.

AIChE GIK Student Chapter presents the selected Ambassadors for Chembuzz'19. Congratulations to the selected ambassadors!



Software Developers needed at Peshawar/ Lahore offices: At Xumerz culture, learning, and adapting to new technologies is our team's key strength. Therefore, an ideal candidate will be a fast-learner with background in any technologies, and team-player. The successful candidate will work with our US and Canadian offices in requirements gathering and implementation of our mostly Web based solutions. Requirements: · Fast learner · Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related fields · Fluency in English · Strong analytic and problem solving skills . Dependable and able to work independently For interviews please contact: shababh@xumerz.com
 We are looking for Position: Software Engineer (Node-Angular JS)  Company: Multinational... Exp: Fresh Location: #Islamabad Salary: Negotiable Note: Candidates must have Bachelor Degree in Computer science from top Universities 
Every year, Developers' Day gleams bright, ready to be in action again. It brings forth a chance for individuals to meet the biggest companies, and discuss rela...ted topics such as current trends, new technologies, while handing out tips about how developers can improve the work-space by making their work more efficient and more professional.  Don't believe us? Just ask Javeria Masood about her experience at the event, her words definitely carry enough weight to make this an opportunity you cannot miss!
A leading UK based company is looking for candidates for the position of Java Developer for its Islamabad's office. The ideal candidate must have 3-4 years of experience in Java Development, J2EE, Strong OOP concepts, Experience of working on E-Commerce projects and solutions. Market competitive salary and benefits will be offered to the shortlisted resource. Candidates having education from top notch universities will be highly preferred. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Developer in Email subject) Candidates from FAST and NUST will be highly preferred
A leading UK based IT company based in Islamabad is urgently hiring Full Stack PHP Developers The candidate should have 3-5 years of experience in PHP, MySQL, Javascript and a good understanding of MVC frameworks (specifically Codeigniter), or laravel, symfony, experience of working on ecommerce solution (e.g. Opencart, Magento, Shopify), HTML/CSS/JS,API development (payment API's development will be preferred) Market competitive salary and other benefits will be offered and ...discussed with shortlisted candidates Apply at : ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Full Stack PHP Developer in email subject) Candidates from Nust Fast and Comsats will be highly preferred.
Knock!!! Knock!!! Anyone from MS Applied Linguists?
Urgently hiring FrontEnd JavaScript developer for Rockville Technologies The ideal resource must have 1-2 years of experience in JavaScript which is a must have for this post, knowledge about front end i.e. Html, CSS, knowledge about PSD to Html conversion. Job Location: Gulberg Greens, Islamabad Total Experience: 1-2 years only Apply at: ehtisham@rockvillegroup.com (Mention JavaScript in email subject)
Admissions in Government universities has been opened in Turkey. Following fields are available: - Civil Engineering - Electric Electronics Engineering  - Software Engineering - Computer Engineering - Industrial Engineering  - International Relations - IT engineering - Business Administration - Tourism and hotel management - Dentistry  - MBBS Requirement for admission: 
We are looking to hire PHP Interns (Paid) for Multinational Interested candidates, Please share your resume at farooq@rightjobs.pk
Attention everyone. Thermocon 19 is looming closer and ASHRAE GIKI Chapter has started accepting the registration for its participation call. Hurry up and regis...ter at the link  given below and be a part of one the biggest event of the year. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSf08-Ic7G3Q_09d5…/viewform…
Hey Guys !! Ambassador’s call for MediaFest’19 is underway. Register now to enjoy these perks on our event. For Registration:  http://register.mediaclubgiki.com
Hey Everyone! Follow us on Twitter and Instagram to stay updated... Twitter: twitter.com/nutec_pwr Instagram: instagram.com/nutec_pwr
Hey Everyone! Follow us on Twitter and Instagram to stay updated... Twitter: twitter.com/nutec_pwr Instagram: instagram.com/nutec_pwr
We are looking for 5 x Fresh BBA for Sales & Marketing roles.
IPEEZ is looking for Finance Interns, fresh Finance or Accounting graduates/ACCA/CIMA having excellent Microsoft Excel skills.
IPEEZ welcomes passionate, enthusiastic and confident students/professionals who wish to build their career in marketing department of IT industry. You, the intern, are responsible for the whole marketing process, comprising of Market Research to Planning to Conducting to Follow-up to Material Creation to Presentation to Reporting. *Market Research *Strategies marketing plan *Sales & Business Development activities *Follow up with your customers *Create presentation’s materials *Conduct presentation *Other ad-hoc assigned by the manager *Ability to use MS office (Word, Excel and Power Point) *Able to work independently *Able to take the initiative *Self-motivated and proactive person *A person with interest in Marketing FURTHER DETAILS: *Qualification: BBA/MBA In Marketing *Specialization: Marketing  *Position:: Marketing Executive (Internship Lead to Job) *Location: IslamabadIslamabad *Gender: Male/Female *Closing Date: January 30, 2019  *Age: 22 +  *Stipend: 7k-15k
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 Do you want to learn more about AI, IoT and conventional programming? eLogic Solutions is a growing inn...ovative company serving the IoT industry. Company focuses on brand integrity by counterfeit protection solutions. Our mission is to offer the best research, H/W & S/W development facilities for medium to large sized brands. eLogic Solutions is looking for highly energetic, talented and strong logic interns against 3 months internship offering. Offering is for undergraduates and graduates in discipline of CS, IT, SE and Mechatronics. You will be stationed at NIC, a state-of-art technology hub of Pakistan and supervised/mentored by research and industry experts. We are an equal opportunity. As compensation, interns will be offered extensive learning opportunities of market in-demand skills and technologies.  Location  •    National Incubation Centre H-9, Islamabad  Application Date •    Till, Jan 15th ’19 End and Start Date •    Jan 15th ’19 – April 15th ‘19 Full/Part Time  •    For undergraduates:  20h/week •    For graduates:  40h/week Compensation •    Learning and Experience Essential Functions: • C# • ASP.NET and Web Forms • SQL database design & querying fundamentals • AJAX & jQuery (basic knowledge) • Twitter Bootstrap familiarity is a plus • Experience working with dll’s and API’s • Understanding of basic responsive design principles • A basic understanding of XSS, SQL injection and other vulnerabilities commonly exploited in attacks against websites is a plus Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Create highly usable, responsive, websites and web apps using Visual Studio • Create, manage, and host a growing suite of SaaS web-based services • Provide highly secure website and application hosting • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Essential Functions: • Thorough knowledge of C#, LINQ, .NET Framework, Visual Studio, WinAPi, WebAPi, SQL Server, win&web and application servers • Working knowledge of developing and maintaining .Net multi-threaded windows Apps and Services • Strong knowledge on SQL server programming. • Exposure to SSIS, Oracle PLSQL programming and SAS would be a plus • Well versed in Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment tools • Experience working in Agile development process and good understanding of various phases of Software Development Lifecycle • Relational database experience and proven abilities in SQL and data modeling is required • Experience with component based win application frameworks • Ability to identify and triage around issues of critical importance to achieving business objectives. • Write clear, concise, well organized technical documentation to maintain standards and procedures High-level Document (HLD) and Technical Design Document (LLD) preparation. • Understand the requirement and analyze on a technical feasibility and design. • Coding the requirement and proper Check in / Checkout in Version control. Unit Test Cases Preparation and Execution. Code Review and Checklist document preparation.  Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Essential Functions: • Thorough knowledge of C#, .NET Framework, Visual Studio, WinAPi, WebAPi, SQL Server • Working knowledge of developing and maintaining .Net multi-threaded windows Apps and Services • Hands on experience in C#, Telerik, SQL and LINQ • Experience working with 3rd party user control libraries such as Telerik, DevExpress • Skilled with SQL Back-end development including performance tuning, indexing and stored procedures • Must have strong experience in Object Oriented design and development • Solid understanding of transactional database design • Strong experience designing and working with n-tier architectures • Write clear, concise, well organized technical documentation to maintain standards and procedures High-level Document (HLD) and Technical Design Document (LLD) preparation. • Understand the requirement and analyze on a technical feasibility and design. • Coding the requirement and proper Check in / Checkout in Version control. Unit Test Cases Preparation and Execution. Code Review and Checklist document preparation.  Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Essential Functions: • Creative Services to establish the overall look, graphic elements and content of both print and electronic graphic materials. • Utilizes available and current artwork, photos, illustration banks, fonts, typography guides and colors supplied by the Creative Services Department. • Determines the best design and methods to produce requested creative projects. • Prepares sketches, layouts and graphic elements of the subjects to be created using current graphics software. • Develops large format graphics. • Assists with project trafficking for review and approval process. • Assists in trimming, mounting and installing signs/graphics when needed. Some administrative responsibilities. Qualifications: • MUST be creative. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT discipline along with design experience across a variety of media (digital and print) • Excellent knowledge of Adobe Creative Cloud applications (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint). • CorelDraw knowledge is huge plus. • Ability to work effectively and enthusiastically as part of a team. • Completes design projects as assigned. • Ability to work and think out of box.  Essential Functions: • Develops and implements UI designs by building interfaces using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and XML • Works closely and effectively with other members of the company to produce interfaces that satisfy the business requirements • Twitter Bootstrap familiarity is a plus • Unit tests work and adheres to agreed-upon production requirements • Adheres to version control processes and methodologies • Follows the processes and procedures that govern day-to-day activities and long-term goals Qualifications: • MUST be creative. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT discipline along with design experience across a variety of web frontend technologies. • Should have good visual design skills and an understanding of using UI components. • Understanding of XHTML, DHTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript development skills and cross browser compatibility issues. • Experienced in hand-coding and debugging HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Ability to produce quality of work. • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional software development team. • Ability to work well under pressure. Essential Functions: • Creating images, animations, exploded views, camera flys, interactive images, 3D designs and animations. • Using SolidWorks to create assets from scratch to make the 3D model look photorealistic (custom textures, materials, HDRs, Backplates, etc) • Creating 3D-rendered content to visualize product for supporting the Marketing and Social teams • Machine design is a huge plus. • Assisting the research/development with motion analysis etc. Qualifications: • Passion for learning more about the 3D visualization side of the design process • Grad/UnderGrad with Mechatronics discipline along with machine design knowledge • Ability to work independently and/or within a collaborative team structure • Demonstrate strong 3D communications skills – 3D modeling and 3D rendering • Strong skills in Adobe CC products, particularly SolidWorks and Photoshop • Strong communication skills in English, both orally and in writing • Ability to produce quality of work. • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional software development team. • Ability to work well under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link:  https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Creating images, animations, exploded views, camera flys, interactive images, ...3D designs and animations. • Using SolidWorks to create assets from scratch to make the 3D model look photorealistic (custom textures, materials, HDRs, Backplates, etc) • Creating 3D-rendered content to visualize product for supporting the Marketing and Social teams • Machine design is a huge plus. • Assisting the research/development with motion analysis etc. Qualifications: • Passion for learning more about the 3D visualization side of the design process • Grad/UnderGrad with Mechatronics discipline along with machine design knowledge • Ability to work independently and/or within a collaborative team structure • Demonstrate strong 3D communications skills – 3D modeling and 3D rendering • Strong skills in Adobe CC products, particularly SolidWorks and Photoshop • Strong communication skills in English, both orally and in writing • Ability to produce quality of work. • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional software development team. • Ability to work well under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Develops and implements UI designs by building interfaces using HTML, CSS, Jav...aScript, and XML • Works closely and effectively with other members of the company to produce interfaces that satisfy the business requirements • Twitter Bootstrap familiarity is a plus • Unit tests work and adheres to agreed-upon production requirements • Adheres to version control processes and methodologies • Follows the processes and procedures that govern day-to-day activities and long-term goals Qualifications: • MUST be creative. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT discipline along with design experience across a variety of web frontend technologies. • Should have good visual design skills and an understanding of using UI components. • Understanding of XHTML, DHTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript development skills and cross browser compatibility issues. • Experienced in hand-coding and debugging HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Ability to produce quality of work. • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional software development team. • Ability to work well under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Creative Services to establish the overall look, graphic elements and content ...of both print and electronic graphic materials. • Utilizes available and current artwork, photos, illustration banks, fonts, typography guides and colors supplied by the Creative Services Department. • Determines the best design and methods to produce requested creative projects. • Prepares sketches, layouts and graphic elements of the subjects to be created using current graphics software. • Develops large format graphics. • Assists with project trafficking for review and approval process. • Assists in trimming, mounting and installing signs/graphics when needed. Some administrative responsibilities. Qualifications: • MUST be creative. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT discipline along with design experience across a variety of media (digital and print) • Excellent knowledge of Adobe Creative Cloud applications (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint). • CorelDraw knowledge is huge plus. • Ability to work effectively and enthusiastically as part of a team. • Completes design projects as assigned. • Ability to work and think out of box.  Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Thorough knowledge of C#, .NET Framework, Visual Studio, WinAPi, WebAPi, SQL S...erver • Working knowledge of developing and maintaining .Net multi-threaded windows Apps and Services • Hands on experience in C#, Telerik, SQL and LINQ • Experience working with 3rd party user control libraries such as Telerik, DevExpress • Skilled with SQL Back-end development including performance tuning, indexing and stored procedures • Must have strong experience in Object Oriented design and development • Solid understanding of transactional database design • Strong experience designing and working with n-tier architectures • Write clear, concise, well organized technical documentation to maintain standards and procedures High-level Document (HLD) and Technical Design Document (LLD) preparation. • Understand the requirement and analyze on a technical feasibility and design. • Coding the requirement and proper Check in / Checkout in Version control. Unit Test Cases Preparation and Execution. Code Review and Checklist document preparation.  Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • Thorough knowledge of C#, LINQ, .NET Framework, Visual Studio, WinAPi, WebAPi,... SQL Server, win&web and application servers • Working knowledge of developing and maintaining .Net multi-threaded windows Apps and Services • Strong knowledge on SQL server programming. • Exposure to SSIS, Oracle PLSQL programming and SAS would be a plus • Well versed in Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment tools • Experience working in Agile development process and good understanding of various phases of Software Development Lifecycle • Relational database experience and proven abilities in SQL and data modeling is required • Experience with component based win application frameworks • Ability to identify and triage around issues of critical importance to achieving business objectives. • Write clear, concise, well organized technical documentation to maintain standards and procedures High-level Document (HLD) and Technical Design Document (LLD) preparation. • Understand the requirement and analyze on a technical feasibility and design. • Coding the requirement and proper Check in / Checkout in Version control. Unit Test Cases Preparation and Execution. Code Review and Checklist document preparation.  Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2 . Essential Functions: • C# • ASP.NET and Web Forms... • SQL database design & querying fundamentals • AJAX & jQuery (basic knowledge) • Twitter Bootstrap familiarity is a plus • Experience working with dll’s and API’s • Understanding of basic responsive design principles • A basic understanding of XSS, SQL injection and other vulnerabilities commonly exploited in attacks against websites is a plus Qualifications: • MUST be with STRONG LOGIC building. • Grad/UnderGrad with CS/IT/SE discipline along with strong C# programming fundamentals • Create highly usable, responsive, websites and web apps using Visual Studio • Create, manage, and host a growing suite of SaaS web-based services • Provide highly secure website and application hosting • Work well together as a close-knit, respectful team that takes immense pride in doing great work • Ability and desire to work as a part of a cross-functional S/W & H/W development team. • Ability to produce quality of work under pressure. Fill out google form linked below, before 10th of Jan 2019. Interviews will be between 11th Jan and 14 Jan 2019. Application link: https://goo.gl/forms/46wQHn20jJSjzdTD2
IPEEZ welcomes passionate, enthusiastic and confident students/professionals who wish to build their career in marketing department of IT industry. You, the intern, are responsible for the whole marketing process, comprising of Market Research to Planning to Conducting to Follow-up to Material Creation to Presentation to Reporting. *Market Research *Strategies marketing plan *Sales & Business Development activities *Follow up with your customers *Create presentation’s materials *Conduct presentation *Other ad-hoc assigned by the manager *Ability to use MS office (Word, Excel and Power Point) *Able to work independently *Able to take the initiative *Self-motivated and proactive person *A person with interest in Marketing FURTHER DETAILS: *Qualification: BBA/MBA In Marketing *Specialization: Marketing  *Position:: Marketing Executive (Internship Lead to Job) *Location: IslamabadIslamabad *Gender: Male/Female *Closing Date: January 30, 2019  *Age: 22 +  *Stipend: 7k-15k
Rockville Technologies is looking for Fresh - 01 year of experienced BBA/MBA graduates for the position of Business Development Executive - Devices for its Islamabad office in Gulberg Greens The ideal resource must possess excellent english communication skills, knowledge of business development process, IT proficiency wrt to IOT Products and Devices.
 Qualification: BSCS/Software Engineering/BSIT... Experience: Fresh Location: Islamabad Gender: Female Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name "SQA Intern" in subject line.
Rockville Technologies is looking for Fresh - 01 year of experienced BBA/MBA graduates for the position of Business Development Executive - Devices for its Islamabad office in Gulberg Greens The ideal resource must possess excellent english communication skills, knowledge of business development process, IT proficiency wrt to IOT Products and Devices.

What could be the minimum CGPA possibility for MS-SE admission in ISB campus? I know a 2.0er can apply but chances for admission are very less for a 2.0er.
Hey! I need brand ambassadors for my food brand from any university, Corporate sector and school. Person must have good PR and communication skills. kindly do inbox for further info. And onething, this is paid job and you can earn a handsome amount. Male/female both can apply. Chaska n criticism party stay away.
 This is a customer-facing support role, no engineering experience is required. You will be providing support for SellerLegend, a robust business intelligence tool for Amazon sellers.
 Responsibilities: • Responsible for developing customer facing Web and Mobile Applications from the ground up • Full Stack Development, using any React.JS, Angular.JS, Node.JS, React Native... • Frontend development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Framework - Angular.JS, React.JS, Express.JS, Node.JS, Ember.JS, Mean.JS • MT and BE development - APIs - REST, REST APIs, SOAP APIs, Web API, Web Services, MongoDB • Responsible for maintaining and enhancing existing code and UI while also creating new projects using the latest coding techniques with React, ES6, ES7 and NodeJS within an Agile environment • Designing, developing, testing, documenting and deploying highly available, fast and enjoyable user experiences • Development of web user interfaces using jQuery and frameworks such as angular and bootstrap • Development of highly interactive data interfaces to consume and display data from enterprise systems online • Lead release management efforts of front-end code, including migration of data and, build across environments Plus Points: • Front End Development using JavaScript Framework such as Angular.js, Angular 2, ReactJS, Angular.js 2, TypeScript, Backbone.js, Node.js, Knockout.js, React.js, RxJS, DOM Fundamentals, ES6, ES7, Embre.js, Aurelia.js, Meteor.js, Vue.js, Polymer, Socket • Version Controls such as GIT, GIThub, TFS, VSS • Strong OOP – Object-Oriented Programming, OOA/D – Object Oriented Analysis and Design To apply, please send your resume to neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “JavaScript Developer”.

Immediate job positions for Senior and Junior Software QA Engineers and Quality Assurance Junior Analysts for IT company Jethealthsolutions, EWORX Lahore, located near Emporium Mall, Johar Town www.eworxintl.com/ Send your C.Vs and Covering Letter for position you want to apply at: waris.butt@jethealthsolutions.com
Time is running out fast, don't let this opportunity slip people! Apply Now: https://goo.gl/forms/GrgwUIVBLnsGmwf23
CreativeMorph is looking for a talented Quality Assurance Specialist skilled in developing, documenting, and executing manual and automated testing for custom developed applications. The Quality Assurance Specialist will test in terms of functionality, performance, reliability and stability. They will also be responsible to lead manage and execute all phases of quality assurance testing. Responsibilities: • Isolate, replicate, and report defects and verify bug fixes. • Execut...e and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results.  • Adapt in an agile environment with rapidly changing requirements. • Hold and facilitate test plan/case reviews with cross-functional team members. • Support all aspects of user acceptance testing by the primary customer and/or users.  • Adapt test automation to suit project needs. • Create clear and detail oriented test plans. • Liaison with development and engineering support team to assist with troubleshooting. Requirements: • At least one-year of experience in the relevant field. • Gender preference: Female. However, males will also be considered.  To apply, please email your resumes at neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “Quality Assurance Specialist”
Symbolism brings art to life by bestowing it the gift of meaning. NUST Olympiad '19 is about unity, spirit and energy, and they cannot be more vividly described... than in our new logo.  The flames represent our collective passion to take this event to new heights. The iconic NUST dome represents the surreal ability of the Olympiad to pull NUSTians from all batches and disciplines into one big family; the Olympiad family. Above all, the Olympiad logo represents all of us, our passion, not just to create something great, but to ignite passion in others as well. For whatever we achieve, we achieve together. Without futher adeu, we present to you: The NUST Olympiad 2019 logo!

Before enter to Software Development Industry, are you READY ? Book your FREE ticket at https://goo.gl/forms/i2eXVt4zEddTWXBC3
 Field: Graphic Design/Motion Graphics

Good news! Due to an overwhelming response and multiple requests, ambassador call for Photonics Pakistan ’19 has been extended till 10th December 2018. Don’t mi...ss out on the chance to attend one of the biggest spie symposiums filled with exhilarating social events and technical modules. Register as an ambassador for your institution, or individually! (Slots are limited, and registrations will be entertained on a first come first serve basis) https://docs.google.com/…/19YXhb0IBb-Mf3_1j9FTH4tAlfhH…/edit

Ambassadors are the wheels which propel an event to success, and ensure that it lives up to its potential. Here lies your chance of joining the NUST Olympiad fa...mily as our eyes and ears. In return, we offer you an experience of a lifetime. So don't miss your chance and apply now: https://goo.gl/forms/GrgwUIVBLnsGmwf23
Our Ambassadors are an integral component of the Olympiad family and we make sure that they are properly rewarded for the hardwork they put into making the event a success. Apart from the amazing experience they have with us, here are some of the incentives we promise them as a reward.
If anyone willing to transfer from Fast Lahore to Fast Islamabad.(Any department, Any batch) Please contact me at 03054489123
Its official! The opportunity to become an ambassador for the biggest Olympiad of the country is here. Go for it: https://goo.gl/forms/GrgwUIVBLnsGmwf23



Would you like to be the ambassador of Nust Olympiad’19?  If yes: then fill out this form https://goo.gl/forms/GrgwUIVBLnsGmwf23
Have you ever imagined taking part in the ACM ICPC (ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest)? Have you ever wished to be a part of hackathon? Have you ...ever been coding for straight 72 hours? Are you good at coding, poster designing at technical knowledge? Have you ever been given the chance to interact with representatives of huge companies like IBM, GOOGLE AND MICROSOFT? Do you want to be the part of a 3 day jam packed event also including a theme dinner, concert and hiking? Now you get all this in SOFTCOM’19. AMBASSADOR REGISTRATIONS ARE OPEN. So gear up and be an ambassador of this mega event and get a chance to demonstrate your skills and raise your profile! Be our ambassador and get your entry fee exempted on bringing more than 10 participants and much more!  Apply before it’s too late! Event dates : February 22nd to 24th, 2019. #Softcomgiki #Acmgiki Here is the link to the form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQJjAOUrzgTUibb…/viewform…
Have you ever imagined taking part in the ACM ICPC (ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest)? Have you ever wished to be a part of hackathon? Have you ...ever been coding for straight 72 hours? Are you good at coding, poster designing at technical knowledge? Have you ever been given the chance to interact with representatives of huge companies like IBM, GOOGLE AND MICROSOFT? Do you want to be the part of a 3 day jam packed event also including a theme dinner, concert and hiking? Now you get all this in SOFTCOM’19. AMBASSADOR REGISTRATIONS ARE OPEN. So gear up and be an ambassador of this mega event and get a chance to demonstrate your skills and raise your profile! Be our ambassador and get your entry fee exempted on bringing more than 10 participants and much more!  Apply before it’s too late! Event dates : February 22nd to 24th, 2019. #Softcomgiki #Acmgiki Here is the link to the form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQJjAOUrzgTUibb…/viewform…
Hurry up and register as we approach the closing of our Ambassador Call! Make sure you don't miss out on being a part of the biggest event of the year!
 This is not a work from home opportunity. This is an office based internship.

 Dear participants! Due to upcoming exams of Comsats University, Islamabad Campus Robian'18 is postponed. However, no need to feel down, as we a...re returning back more energized and excited. The new dates are 14th to 16th December for Robian18.  #IEEERAS  #IEEECUI  #ROBIAN18  #Daretocompete

 The ideal resource must have 01-03 years of experience in server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS (preferred). Proficient understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks/Libraries, including ReactJS, jQuery
Tangent Technologies F-11 Markaz, Islamabad is urgently hiring JAVA BACKEND DEVELOPER The ideal resource must have at least 01 year of experience related to JAVA, Hibernate, JSF (JavaServer Faces) Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Java Backend Developer in email subject) Note: Only relevant candidates will be contacted. Strong Java Concepts is a must and only 01 year of experience is required.
Experienced android developer for Lahore office job.  Email your cv at hr@codingcampus.tech
 & HOW YOU'LL CONTRIBUTE: - Sorting out best candidates for organization Collection and shortlisting of CVs Participating in finalization of selection criteria. Involvement in Recruitment process. Listing of candidates after interview  Developing understanding of industry and active participation in organizational development  - Other assignments from supervisors. & BENEFITS: Direct training by recruitment supervisor Experience in professional work environment  Opportunity to collaborate with international teams from different countries  Network building  Understanding and experience of recruitment in tech industry with certifications. - cozy free lunch - stipend based on performance > APPLICATION: Interested applicants can apply by sending your English CV to: hr@codingcampus.tech  with the email subject: Recruitment Intern – Full Name
Urgently hiring ReactJS Developer for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies The ideal candidate must have expertise in the below mentioned areas: -Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 -Understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS (preferred) -Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AXIOS -Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT -UI -UX Animations using CSS3 and SVG Animations expertise will be preferred but not mandatory
Urgently hiring Automation Software Quality Assurance Engineer for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies The ideal candidate must have experience of 1-2 years in automation testing, selenium, making test cases, QA of Android and iOS Applications.
Tangent Technologies PVT LTD F-11 markaz Islamabad is urgently hiring SEO Specialist The ideal candidate must have 2-3 years of experience (not more than that) in Digital Marketing, SEO SMM. Expertise of Google Analytics will be a plus Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention SEO Specialist in your email subject)

Urgently hiring #ReactJS #Developer for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies The ideal candidate must have expertise in the below mentioned areas: -Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 -Understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS (preferred) -Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AXIOS -Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT -UI -UX Animations using CSS3 and SVG Animations expertise will be preferred but not mandatory
Get ready to dance till you drop. Joining us this winter at the All Pakistan Mathematics Olympiad in GIK Institute, for the first time ever, is the savy Hamsafa...r girl. With her smooth voice, we are pleased to announce that Qurat ul ain Balouch is with us for our event. Registration link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd8OY5MlrHA24O3EA…/viewform
 The ideal candidate will have 4 to 6 years of Development using C, C++ in a Linux Environment Test Driven Development experience... Experience in C+, STL and Boost frameworks, TCP/IP Sockets and multi-threaded programming (would be a plus) Education & Qualifications Bachelor’s of Engineering in Computing & Telecommunications discipline Interested candidates could send their CVs on the following email address: Adnan.Kiani@afiniti.com
We are hiring Business Development Executive - Digital Products and Services for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies
Ladies and Gentlemen the wait is finally over and the time has finally arrived for 6th International Science & Youth Symposium. This time we present to you “ISY...S GOLD". So hurry up and get yourself registered! The registrations for 6th ISYS are now open! Do not miss your chance to be a part of one of the biggest symposiums of the year 2018. and our event page: https://www.facebook.com/events/268883720423574/


A historic moment for Pakistan’s footballing community. Club Atlético de Madrid opens first official Training Academy in Pakistan, Atlético De Madrid Academia.
 Additionally this is a customer-facing support role, no engineering experience is required. You will be providing support for SellerLegend, a robust business intelligence tool for Amazon sellers.
why everyone says that fast has the best BSCS..please answer
AoA, We operate as a tour operator from Islamabad and Lahore, Basically we belong from NUST, need ambassador from FAST University, Initially volunteer will get free tours of Kashmir and Northern areas. If anyone has strong marketing skills and social circle, if interested, contact me via inbox. Page Link: https://web.facebook.com/mat.makeatour/
Urgently required GRAPHICS DESIGNER for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal resource must have a minimum experience of 2-3 years in Graphics Designing related to web, desktop and mobile applications, HTML,CSS, UX-UI designing Apply at: ehtisham@rockvillegroup.com (Mention GRAPHICS DESIGNER in email subject)
CreativeMorph is looking for a talented Quality Assurance Specialist skilled in developing, documenting, and executing manual and automated testing for custom developed applications. The Quality Assurance Engineer will test in terms of functionality, performance, reliability and stability. They will also be responsible to lead manage and execute all phases of quality assurance testing. Responsibilities: • Isolate, replicate, and report defects and verify bug fixes. • Execute ...and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results.  • Adapt in an agile environment with rapidly changing requirements. • Hold and facilitate test plan/case reviews with cross-functional team members. • Support all aspects of user acceptance testing by the primary customer and/or users.  • Adapt test automation to suit project needs. • Create clear and detail oriented test plans. • Liaison with development and engineering support team to assist with troubleshooting. Requirements: • At least one-year of experience in the relevant field. • Gender preference: Female. However, males will also be considered. To apply, please email your resumes at neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “Quality Assurance Specialist”
Hey Everyone! IEEE is back with the long awaited Ambassador Call for NEO X1. Stay tuned for more updates!
A leading IT company in Islamabad Stock Exchange Tower is hiring the below 2- Front End Developer (3-4 years of experienc in front end development, html, css, web development) Excellent salary package and perks will be offered which will be discussed in the interview Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com
 www.netronixgiki.com/register.html http://www.netronixgiki.com/ambassador.php

Hiring Communication Specialist and Cambridge Teachers for our Education Sector vertical in Islamabad.  For both job roles the candidate must have excellent English oral and written communication skills. Required qualification is bachelors/masters. Candidates with O & A level's background will be considered.
Hiring Communication Specialist and Cambridge Teachers for our Education Sector vertical in Islamabad.  For both job roles the candidate must have excellent English oral and written communication skills. Required qualification is bachelors/masters. Candidates with O & A level's background will be considered.
.NET Full Stack Development. Starting 3rd Oct 2018, 2 days a week and for 3.5 months duration. Time for training 5pm to 7pm. Venue: National Incubation Center For REGISTRATION (PAID & limited seats)... Call/WhatsApp - 03216143969 AIR/NUST University Islamabad Sheharyar - 03016224446 Haseeb - 03325524277 Bahria/COMSATS University Islamabad Omar - 03337865857 IIUI/FAST Atiq - 03438527616
We are hiring Node.js/PHP Developer for our Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies The ideal candidate must have 3 years of experience in PHP and Node JS, RESTful APIs, JSON, HTML, CSS, JQuery 
 Responsibilities: • Responsible for developing customer facing Web and Mobile Applications from the ground up • Full Stack Development, using any React.JS, Angular.JS, Node.JS, React Native... • Frontend development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Framework - Angular.JS, React.JS, Express.JS, Node.JS, Ember.JS, Mean.JS • MT and BE development - APIs - REST, REST APIs, SOAP APIs, Web API, Web Services, MongoDB • Responsible for maintaining and enhancing existing code and UI while also creating new projects using the latest coding techniques with React, ES6, ES7 and NodeJS within an Agile environment • Designing, developing, testing, documenting and deploying highly available, fast and enjoyable user experiences • Development of web user interfaces using jQuery and frameworks such as angular and bootstrap • Development of highly interactive data interfaces to consume and display data from enterprise systems online • Lead release management efforts of front-end code, including migration of data and, build across environments Requirements: • Bachelors in Computer Science or Software Engineering  • 1+ years of experience in Full Stack Javascript Development preferred • Works in an agile and scrum environment • Ability to manage day-to-day responsibilities with minimal supervision Plus Points: • Front End Development using JavaScript Framework such as Angular.js, Angular 2, ReactJS, Angular.js 2, TypeScript, Backbone.js, Node.js, Knockout.js, React.js, RxJS, DOM Fundamentals, ES6, ES7, Embre.js, Aurelia.js, Meteor.js, Vue.js, Polymer, Socket • Version Controls such as GIT, GIThub, TFS, VSS • Strong OOP – Object-Oriented Programming, OOA/D – Object Oriented Analysis and Design To apply, please send your resume to neelam@creativemorph.com with the subject “JavaScript Developer”.
Asslam o Alaikum seniors...!!!  1. starting with c++ 2. Thomas calculus (cal1) if any one have those books kindly contact me, (isb campus) thanks in advance
i got 93% in matric and 88%in fsc and i want to do BSCS so guide me to select the best university...
Cheer up people we extended the proof submission deadline by 8 days on your request! #NVCCSA18 #allforhumanity  For any query related to this program please con...tact us : M Obaid Ullah 03405177650 Awais ahmad ‭ 03365808929‬ Sameen Abbas
i want to know about the BSCS of fast...please tell me..

Robian is a collection of robotics symposia and contests held annually at COMSATS University, Islamabad Campus. For the past couple of years Robian was limited ...to participants from within the campus. This year however we are expanding to welcome participants from all over Pakistan.  Robian is not just another robotics contest, it is so much more. Robian is a platform for roboticists (students, teachers, researchers, and hobbyists) to come together, learn, share their ideas, help others, collaborate and showcase their skills in various categories of the robotics contest. This event serves as the unified portal for all these activities. We will be conducting workshops/seminars, hosting tutorial sessions and discussing various aspects of robot design and programming leading up to the main event in November 2018. For Ambassadors: For 20 teams: Free registration, lunch and accommodation. For 10 teams: Free registration and lunch. For 5 teams: Free registration. Moreover, the ambassador with the most registrations will receive a shield from COMSATS University and the Best Ambassador Award. The university with the most registrations will be recognized during the event. Also, the Best Ambassador will also receive a cash prize from COMSATS University. Link for the ambassador form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScRhrDb4opmmx…/formResponse  Link for the registration form:  https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdpaJZB2HvElCDB2…/viewform… TEAM REGISTRATION DETAILS: For registration, a team should have 4 members. Following are the details of registration: Regular: September 16th - October 30th : Registration fees will be Rs. 2500/- per team for each category. Late: October 31st - November 25th: Registration fees will be Rs. 3000/- per team for each category. PROJECT EXHIBITION Charges for Project Exhibition: Rs. 1000/- TALKS: Charges for Talks: Rs. 500/- (In this price, you can also attend the event) Event dates : 30 November to 2 December  #IEEE #IEEE_CUI #ROBIAN18 #COMSATS


With the last date of registration coming up, everyone is encouraged to join the project so that we may get maximum output "For the people by the people". Be it... individually or in groups, everyone should take part in this venture. Also, registered participants are requested to send in their completed task proofs so that results may be compiled #NVCCSA18 #Allforhumanity  Registration link : http://bit.ly/NVC_CSA18


 Register before 10th September: http://bit.ly/NVC_CSA18 Don’t forget to submit your proofs before 20th September!  #NVCCSA18

 Hiring MARKETING INTERNS (Paid)
Can any please tell if applied programming is compulsory for MS CS students if they have done BS CS from fast?
Anzen is looking for campus ambassadors from universities in Rawalpindi/Islamabad. If you are a tech enthusiast and want to learn something new apply now for this program. Fill the registration form and we will contact you.  Registration Link: https://goo.gl/yeQMwJ

Hiring candidates for the position of #Business #Development #Executive for our #Islamabad's office of #Rockville #Technologies The ideal resource must have excellent oral and written communication skills, exposure of IT Business Development, knowledge about how to write RFP,RFQ's, Proposal Writing, Bidding, Giving corporate Presentations to clients and expanding the company's business by identifying new potential projects, supporting teams in product development, leading pro...motional campaigns and branding activities. The required experience is 1-3 years only (not more than that). Experience of having Telecom Business Development Background will be given a preference. #Email Updated Resume at: ehtisham@rockvillegroup.com (Mention #Business #Development in the email subject)

How many people here are in ms ds isb campus. Do you have any prerequisite issue? I hv some issue related to pre requisite, but dont knowhow to sort out


Fast me final docs submit krana ki last date 28 august h, lkn jin k abhi final bs ki transcript nhi ae, unk kia bna ga
Guyz plz koi mujay batao k fast isb walo nay abhi kisi ko bs electrical k liyay waiting mein dala hosakta hai k bas ab admissions close ho gaiy hain? Ya kisi duusray campus say utha kar isb mein dalna possible hai?
How can MS students of get enrolled in the subjects of semester 1
Can anyone explain MS CS time table?

Fast ka uniform hai? and koi restrictions hai regarding dress. Orientation postponed hai pehle din waha beghair books ke jahaz bnai ge Kya?
Assalam Alaikum. My younger brother is selected in Fast NU for CS, I wanted to ask if he can avail PEEF Scholarship for Islamabad campus of Fast or not?? Is there anyone who is availing this scholarship for this campus then please guide me!

Fast Main Masters K Liye Koi Scholarship Hai??

Hi guys m selected for BSAF and BS Electrical Engineering in which feild I would get admission???😏😏😏


Guys I have been selected in CS in both NUST and FAST.. where should I go?? #need_sincere_advices_plz



Want to be a Data Scientist? Kick-start you career from this extensive course on Python & Data Science. Reserve your seat now to learn from top-notch Data Scientists! To Reserve: goo.gl/2XhWbc
Orientation timing of fast in isb campus  ?
Dress Code Of Fast Isl?
Fast University ISB Campus k kareb koe hostel ya falte Ha to information day day koe es bary ma plzzz and thankx ... Its Ugent.. 😁😁
Fast k next admission kB se hn? And test me kya hota ha I mean kya kya ata ha plz guide me???


Hi guys koi mujhy bta sakta hy Fast Islamabad Ki orientation day paar Kia hota hy???😏
Hi guyss Fast Islamabad Bs Accounts and Finance my kaisi hy???😏
Ms data science at fast or job.  Which one you would prefer and why?
Hey guys,  My company is looking for a UI/UX Graphic Designer with awesome aesthetics.  If you think you have what it takes then email your CV and portfolio at sehrish.pesnani@dwizardz.com ASAP
Which one is better? MSCS FAST Lahore or MSCS FAST Islamabad?
Fast Islamabad campus ki jo 2nd list lagiii hai us ki fee jama karwane ki last date kab hai?
Flat Near  Fast/Nust On Rent ? Price Should Be In Medium Range.  Looking For Your Comments.  Thanks.

Saw this today... Selected in FAST Lahore campus.I have submitted fee in FAST ISL campus.Should I go to Lahore?which one is better?
What should I select for MSCS Program...? FAST Lahore(Admission Confirmed) or Comsats Lahore(Shortlisted) Tomorrow is the deadline for FAST, so kindly share your experience related to fee and scope as well...
Fast Islamabad ki Electrical engineering kesi hai, Pakistan ki konsi engg University (EE) ke equal standard rakhti hai (EE).
Anyone,what is the aggregate for MS(CS)..?
Hello, Please recommend which hostels are best near FAST. Budget is not an issue Facilities should include AC, good quality food.
#JobsAlert: Position open for "Pay Per Click-PPC Assistant" with 1-2 yrs experience. Location: Islamabad. Please send your resume at zaeen.masud@basecampdata.com. Also, do tag those who may be interested. Please Share & refer. #PPC #SEO
Tomorrow is my interview for MSCS in FAST Lahore. Kindly share your experience...

How's the MS Data Science faculty of FAST Islamabad? Can I continue my Job with MS Data Science?


Does everyone receive ‘conditional’ offer letter for MS?
 Can you please guide me what’s the closing merit for BSCS in FAST,lahore based on NTS test. Also he got conditional email from FAST Peshawar, is it related to other campuses like if we don’t submit fee will it take his seat out of FAST?
 75% SCHOLARSHIPS FOR MASTER PROGRAM /Bachelors Programs (Istanbul – Turkey)Northern Cyprus  Apply through BGF Consultants. Scholarship is on tuition fees and it will be paid for whole master program in two or three equal installments.  You can go to European countries like Germany, Austria, Portugal, Belgium, Romania, Croatia, Spain, France, UK, and Netherlands through the ERASMAS program of University  *International Faculties  *Top rankings University’s  *Erasmus Program *Low tuitions Fee *Part time work allow *International internship  *Free Health insurance  *Work permit  *Cheap accommodation Bachelors Program:  1) Electronics and Computer Engineering 2) International Relations  3) Software Engineering 4) Architecture Engineering  5) Industrial and Systems Engineering 6) Mechatronics Engineering  7)  Civil Aviation  😎 MBA: Business Administration Banking 9) Mechanical Engineering 10) Fashion and textiles Design  11)  Business Administration  12) Political Science and International Relations 13) Cultural Studies 14) History 15) Civil Engineering  Master Courses: 1) Electronics and Computer Engineering 2) International Relations  3) Engineering Management 4) Structure Engineering   5) Industrial and Systems Engineering 6) Data Sciences 7) MBA: Business Islamic Finance and Economics 😎 MBA: Business Administration Banking 9) MBA: Business Finance 10) MBA: Business and Business Analysis 11) Master of Business Administration  12) Political Science and International Relations 13) Cultural Studies 14) History 15) Sociology etc.............. Eligibility criteria: a) Bachelors (four years) with minimum 60% marks or CGPA 2.0 b) No IELTS or TOEFL 1. BS/BA Degree (in English or Turkish) 2. BS/BA Transcript (in English or Turkish) 3. Letter of Intent/Motivation Letter 4. Photograph 5. Passport 6. Curriculum Vitae Send all documents to bgfconsulting786@gmail.com  bilal.06625@gmail.com MOB:   +923486624310 Whatsapp No: +923486624310 For Lahore office you will meet with Subhan Rana  Lahore Address : Office #604 Floor #6 Saddiq Center Lahore Faisalabad Address: First Floor, Dragon Mall, Satana  Road Chowk,  D-Ground, Faisalabad
Can someone please guide me about time table for MS CS? How many courses a day and how many days a week?
By mistake I have received the letter of Agha Muhmmad Usman FAST ISLAMABAD EE ARN#1827175. If someone knows him kindly inform him.
Previously i can see my result (MS) on fast website, but now it say no record found


Master program ki list b display ho gai hen kia????
Anyone got admission in fast isb on nts base?

Mere aggregate 63.50 bana hai  Any chance in BSCS? FAST Islamabad
Mere aggregate 63.50 bana hai BSCS mein  Or fist list 64 par ruuki hai Koi chance hai keh mera 2nd list mein name a jaye ga?
Hello ppl Can you guys guide me I have a question regarding Fast  My preference was Karachi and islamabad In my result it was written I'm selected for Karachi campus My question is if my aggregate meet the minimum for both campuses will they show that I'm selected in both or we have to contact them for preferred campus..
Need some info! I have applied for EE and also A&F in NU Islamabad. But result is showing status only for EE and not for A&F. Can someone explain this?
PLEASE GUIDE ME AM TOO TENSE  NU TEST CORRECT 67/97 MARKS ARE ALMOST 56.5 AND AGGREGATE IS 66.97  PLEASE BTA DAIN CS MAIN HNY KE KIA CHANCES HAIN🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁... isb campus
anyone have idea regarding BBA merit ?
Ms data Science k lea test kaisa tha???
MSCS mein 46 aggregate pe admission ho jaye ga?


Does anyone from 17' batch EE wants to migrate to Fsd campus?
I selected Lahore as preferred campus but can I also apply  in Islamabad campus to get admission?
It has been two weeks since I paid the MS SE admission test fees but it still hasn't been verified yet. If the test starts from 17 July it's kind of late right?
Well I missed the last date for admission in Islamabad campus any way I can apply now?
How is EE from fast islamabad?? As conpared to Air university and comsats?
 75% SCHOLARSHIPS FOR MASTER PROGRAM /Bachelors Programs (Istanbul – Turkey)Northern Cyprus  Apply through BGF Consultants. Scholarship is on tuition fees and it will be paid for whole master program in two or three equal installments.  You can go to European countries like Germany, Austria, Portugal, Belgium, Romania, Croatia, Spain, France, UK, and Netherlands through the ERASMAS program of University  *International Faculties  *Top rankings University’s  *Erasmus Program *Low tuitions Fee *Part time work allow *International internship  *Free Health insurance  *Work permit  *Cheap accommodation Bachelors Program:  1) Electronics and Computer Engineering 2) International Relations  3) Software Engineering 4) Architecture Engineering  5) Industrial and Systems Engineering 6) Mechatronics Engineering  7)  Civil Aviation  😎 MBA: Business Administration Banking 9) Mechanical Engineering 10) Fashion and textiles Design  11)  Business Administration  12) Political Science and International Relations 13) Cultural Studies 14) History 15) Civil Engineering  Master Courses: 1) Electronics and Computer Engineering 2) International Relations  3) Engineering Management 4) Structure Engineering   5) Industrial and Systems Engineering 6) Data Sciences 7) MBA: Business Islamic Finance and Economics 😎 MBA: Business Administration Banking 9) MBA: Business Finance 10) MBA: Business and Business Analysis 11) Master of Business Administration  12) Political Science and International Relations 13) Cultural Studies 14) History 15) Sociology etc.............. Eligibility criteria: a) Bachelors (four years) with minimum 60% marks or CGPA 2.0 b) No IELTS or TOEFL 1. BS/BA Degree (in English or Turkish) 2. BS/BA Transcript (in English or Turkish) 3. Letter of Intent/Motivation Letter 4. Photograph 5. Passport 6. Curriculum Vitae Send all documents to bgfconsulting786@gmail.com  bilal.06625@gmail.com MOB:   +923486624310 Whatsapp No: +923486624310 For Lahore office you will meet with Subhan Rana  Lahore Address : Office #604 Floor #6 Saddiq Center Lahore Faisalabad Address: First Floor, Dragon Mall, Satana  Road Chowk,  D-Ground, Faisalabad


Dreamers always end up with a successful future because they never stop imagining their successful future in numerous ways. Their progress depends upon how quic...kly they pivot their failures and how creative and positive they are. They never give up and make their teams better than themselves. They know how to build trust , create a family embarking their struggle for a common goal, and communicate a Clear Vision to ensure a remarkable success.  Let NYA make you encourage Self-Improvement for a better you , evolving into a bright future. We want you to delegate more  this summer than just work and National Youth Summer Camp is another step by us, purely dedicated to the youth of Pakistan who are ready to Embark and Empower! Get registered to the following link https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdM3FCyQpnlX0Ptk…/viewform…
 I'm raising funds for care foundation. Which is one of the most emerging institute. This institute adopt the government schools, where the structure of education completely destroyed. Care foundation educate poor students free of cost. They provide good quality of education. Initially they have only 250 students and now they have 275000 Student's which is only on due to funds. This is the great achievem...ent of care foundation.
Anyone who gave FAST BSCS entry test last year ? What was the weightage for physics, English, analytical and basic maths ? Is this a reliable source? http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OL…/ExamOutline/BS(CS-Engg).aspx Someone has claimed the test last year was NOT according to this pattern. Please verify.

Alsinah Education Consultants launches Fully Funded Scholarships for Master and PhD covering Tuition and Accommodation Waiver with Monthly Stipend of RMB 1,600 for Master and RMB 2,000 for PhD Documents Required To Apply: Scans of the following documents are required to apply: 1. Passport 2. Photograph... 3. Physical Examination Form  4. Police Character Certificate  5. High School Transcripts  6. Bachelor Degree and Transcript  7. Master Degree and Transcript (For PhD Applicants) 8. 2 Recommendation Letters from Professor or Associate Professor  9. Study Plan of at least 1,000 words 10. Personal Profile (Detailed CV) 11. Guarantors Letter and ID Card Majors Available: 1. Civil Engineering  2. Computer Science and Technology  3. Electrical Engineering  4. Mechanical Engineering  5. Information Communication Engineering  6. Chemical Engineering  7. Environmental Engineering  8. Industrial Engineering  9. Mining Engineering  10. Safety Engineering  11. Electronic Engineering and Technology  12. Material Science and Engineering  13. Biomedical Engineering  👉👉Deadline To Apply: July 31,2018 💯 3000$ 🔵For more detail ... WhatsApp  +92 3234710925 Face book page  ALSINAH EDUCATION  Office  OFFICE NUMBER. 41 ,4th FLOOR CM CENTER, 1-MOZANG LINK FARID KOT ROAD, LAHORE ALSINAH EDUCATION CONSULTANTS registered PAKISTAN
{Latest job's opportunities in Lahore }  #Note: Only interested&serious candidates Apply.  #You will informed about your interview soon After Your Application don't miss interview . Income/Salary Range part time : 15000-20000 + time duration (4) hours:10:00am to 2:00pm+2:00pm to 6:00pm... Full time : 25000- to30000 +time duration (8) hours : 10:00 am to 6:00 pm  (8hour's)&(4 hours) smart working not a hard work. Basic knowledge of computer and social media+Internet browsing, Facebook JOB timings ; Morning & Evening, Afternoon Shifts Apply Criteria:Send me your C.v. Write (SMS); Your Name, Qualification, age, location. Contact Email: asghar.aqsa90@gmail.com

 The ideal resource must have good english communication skills, must be willing to work in a 24/7*365 working environment, Must have a good understanding of Networking, Technical Support, Help Desk, Troubleshooting, VOiP related installations Required Experience : Fresh - 1 year CCNA/CCNP certified candidates will be given a preference. Apply at: ehtishamhrm7@gmail.com (Mention Technical Support Engineer Level -1 in email subject) Note: This is work from home based Technical Support Help Desk job for 06 months. After 06 months the resource will be shifted to a permanent office role.
Internship in Islamabad for Graphic designers, video editors and web developers of JavaScript, NodeJS and AngularJS. http://bit.ly/AsasaJobs Share this with your friends and fellows as well . it's paid internship plus leading to a highly paid job.
FSC 85% NTS 71 marks (97.18 percentile) Are these good enough for admission in FAST Chiniot?  Please tell
Do Fast consider NTS marks only or percentile as well? I have 72 Marks with percentile 93% and in second attempt i scored 77 marks but percentile is 87%. On which one's base i should apply.Thanks your help.
 The Reign of Robots begins! SENTEC Presents Gesture Controlled Bot Competition! A new competition set ...to help you conquer new challenges! So, come along and see what you can do with an RC car and a simple module! Registration fees: 1500 Rs. and 4 members per team. Register Now: https://docs.google.com/…/1eunEFfDzo_wA5U357OTqQJsXuJ…/edit…
(Summer Camp 2018 at Air University Islamabad July, 2018) CPD is offering number of professional training workshops starting from 2nd July 2018. Limited seats a...re available so hurry up and register yourself. To register please visit:  https://portals.au.edu.pk/cpd/ For any queries inbox us or contact @ 051-2281178

Salam Anyone here who can guide me about NU test for MS CS?? And tell me if its a good option for MS CS....
SUMMER INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITY This is an internship opportunity for students who are off for the summer and would like to sharpen their writing skills by working on real projects in an office environment. As an intern for a digital marketing agency, you will get learn how to write and perfect copy for websites, brochures, presentations, and other marketing mediums. If interested, please apply by writing a few words in the comments section about why you think you'd be the perfect fit. Shortlisted candidates will be requested to continue the conversation via inbox.

Learn Business Analytics from the top industry professionals. Meet the instructors and speakers for our course "Business Analytics in Digital World" starting 27...th June.  Reserve your seat here: https://goo.gl/RPW4kg #decisionmaking #decisionmodeling #findingrightdata #contextualmarketing #digitizationandanalytics #handson
Job Title: Pre-sales Engineer (Information Security)  Products: Sophos (Distributors) and Barracuda (Distributors) Location: Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and Rawalpindi Qualification: BE/BSCS  Certifications: Sophos, Barracuda, Fortinet, Cisco, PFSense, Watchguard, Huawei or other relevant certifications... Apply By: July 15, 2018 We are looking for ‘Pre-sales Information Security Engineer’ to Work on Big Brands of IT industry; Sophos, Cyberoam, Barracuda, Kaspersky, WatchGuard, etc. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 2-6 years of hands-on experience on information security products and has worked for a distributor and/or systems integrator.  Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals.
 We are looking for ‘Sr. Accountant’ for our 'Karachi' office. Our ideal candidate would be having atleast 3 years of experience in the same capacity. Interested candidates may send their resumes at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals. Apply by July 9, 2018.
[Paid Trainee Internship Opportunity] We are looking for energetic and self motivated candidates as paid Trainee Engineer (should hold graduation in electronics/telecom or communication engineering from reputed university). Job opportunity is in BLE/Wireless interfacing with c++ programming of STM, AVR, PIC or Arduino MCUs Upon successful completion of program, selected trainee engineers will be offered a contractual job with performance based benefits.
OPERATIONS360 is looking for two Social Media & Digital Marketing Interns who will be responsible for assisting the Digital Marketing Manager in implementing Operations360 overall communications and marketing plan -- focusing specifically on digital communications -- to build awareness regarding upcoming workshops & training programs, and to increase attendance and ticket sales.
How to select more  than one campus in FAST online registration.
Why can't select Test Session? I'm unable to schedule my test. Plss Help

Fast Universty ma BS(CS) ka merit last year kitna tha?
Fast ma Nts ke base pa  Bs(CS) ma kitna admision hota ha. And fast ka test ke base pa kitna hota ha?
 • Min. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field • 2+ years’ web development experience • Strong knowledge of web development tools and programming languages • Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 • Solid understanding of jQuery, Bootstrap, Angular JS or similar • Hands on experience with MySQL or other RDBMS • Experience with web application security and secure coding practices • Working knowledge of SVN or Git • Payment gateway API integration • Web layout designing in photoshop/illustrator • PSD to Responsive HTML5/CSS3, Bootstrap • Ability to Develop Mobile optimized websites
{Latest job's opportunities in Lahore }  #Note: Only interested&serious candidates Apply.  #You will informed about your interview soon After Your Application don't miss interview . Income/Salary Range part time : 15000-20000 + time duration (4) hours:10:00am to 2:00pm+2:00pm to 6:00pm... Full time : 25000- to30000 +time duration (8) hours : 10:00 am to 6:00 pm  (8hour's)&(4 hours) smart working not a hard work. Basic knowledge of computer and social media+Internet browsing, Facebook JOB timings ; Morning & Evening, Afternoon Shifts Apply Criteria:Send me your C.v. Write (SMS); Your Name, Qualification, age, location. Contact Email: asghar.aqsa90@gmail.com
need guidance about MS SE admissions in Fast-NU Islamabad Campus, like students (graduates) of what CGPA average are mostly selected in MS SE.
 NUST is organizing a subsidized Microsoft Dynamics ERP Workshop to equip students and graduates with the skills that are highly demanded in the job market. Medium & Large Enterprises are rigorously looking for talent that can work on cloud-based intelligent business applications and hence it is time to get your hands on Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Next Generation - Cloud-based Intellige...nt Business Application). Dynamics 365 brings together the most popular features of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) andEnterprise Resource Planning (ERP) in a single solution that can be accessed from anywhere and anytime. You all are very aware about the digital revolution, and if you want to get edge in the job market, you need to learn how these business intelligent system works. Courses: 1. Intro to ERP (MS Dynamics 365 - Enterprise Edition) Duration: 4 Days Dates: 2-5 July, 2018 Fee: 5,000 2. ERP Specialization (MS Dynamics 365 - Enterprise Edition) Duration: 1 Month Starting from July 11, 2018 Fee: 25,000 Student Discount: 20% (only first 10 applicants)

Presenting a professional course on "BIG DATA"!
Presenting a Job-oriented course on "Data Warehouse & Business Intelligence" on weekends now! Starting from: 30th June'18
This one is the mother of all competitions. Participants will be put in a tournament to decide who’s playing eleven are worth their salt. This one will not be easy as everyone is expected to bring their best to the field. We expect a full day of volleys with a chance of extreme gaming ahead. Register yourself at:  https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
 Requirements: The Candidate must have: - Good verbal and written English communication skills ... - Manage employees delivering the client service, including their professional development  - Manage Floor - Have the ability to transition projects without losing the flow - Must have Global telesales experience. - 3+years of experience in managing teams in SSC/BPO environment Job Location: Bahria Town, Rawalpindi. Job Timings: 9:00 pm to 5:00 am (Night Shift) Salary: 50k-60k  Interested candidates can share their resumes to hr@relymer.com with the position mentioned in subject line.
Making a small robot that follows a line is as easy as it comes.  With over hundreds of methods to execute this, #SPEC18 is giving students a chance to show how... well you can actually do in the competition.  Presenting you guys the time-honoured Line Following Robot Challenge, comprising of three separate levels according to experience of students. It's where we will make your bots go through mazes and challenging pathways. The details of every separate level is explained below. It's time you test your skills this year with us. May the lines be in your favour, ever. The demo track with corresponding rules is coming up shortly. For registrations, go to  https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl…/viewform… #FightOfIntelligence #LustForAchievements #BattleOfTalent #StealYourChance #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics #MegaEvent
Dexterity win you games but teamwork and brilliance can win you championships. Lets' role, play with your friends and exhibit others what you can do when you sy...nergize. Here comes an opening for you guys to display your mastery in competitions that #SPEC18 is offering you. Registrations will be live from this Saturday so don't overlook this golden opportunity and become a part of this years' #MegaEvent SPEC'18. An event that promises to give back. #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
We on behalf of NED university Electronic Department feel privileged and esteemed to unveil the date and venue for the most incredible and exciting event in tow...n with high-end quality of academics and learning experience in the most affordable fees! Bigger and better than ever before.  So don't miss the chance and mark the date as #SpecIsBack  #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics Stay Tuned for more updates,  registrations will be live soon!
SPEC 2018 being the official event by NEDUET's Electronics Department is electrified to reveal our list of galvanizing competitions. We observe ourselves as an ...exciting platform for all genious geeks out there. With thrilling competitions, we aim to make learning and experience the prime objective of this event. Registrations will be live soon. Follow our Facebook page for further updates. #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
Skyscrapers Private Limited is looking for a WORDSMITH who's not afraid of a little SEO. • Driving brand awareness... • Educating the consumer • Nurturing existing relationships • Building trust and authenticity in our online and social communities, and contributing to the enjoyment of the activities we serve. • Blog posts • Articles • Web banners and ads • Email marketing, social media posts, product descriptions, landing page copy, video content (scripts) etc. • Internal communications • Job descriptions for marketing and eCommerce • Point of purchase displays (POP), packaging, sales copy, press releases Plus: Understanding and implementing SEO best practices.
Job Opportunity: Technical Sales Executive required. We are looking for highly motivated and experienced females for the position of technical sales executive. At Relymer, we focus on several trending and emerging fields with Software Development as our core activity. You will be our main medium of communication with our clients regarding our products and services such as Software Development, Marketing, Branding, Website and Content Creation, Design, Mobile App Development, ...Block-chain Applications & other Digital Solutions. Candidates with proven prior experience in Product Marketing and Sales will be preferred. Good English, both written and spoken, is a key requirement for this position.


 To apply, send your resume to jobs@knowledgeplatform.com
Urgently hiring #NODE #JS #Developer for our #Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies PVT LTD The ideal candidate must have 3-4 years of experience in #NODE #JS development, strong coding background and JavaScript Experience of working on High Availability Groups and Tracking Platforms will be given higher preference

Any one from CS or computer department need help

{Latest job's opportunities in Lahore }  #Note: Only interested&serious candidates Apply.  #You will informed about your interview soon After Your Application don't miss interview . Income/Salary Range part time : 15000-20000 + time duration (4) hours:10:00am to 2:00pm+2:00pm to 6:00pm... Full time : 25000- to30000 +time duration (8) hours : 10:00 am to 6:00 pm  (8hour's)&(4 hours) smart working not a hard work. Basic knowledge of computer and social media+Internet browsing, Facebook JOB timings ; Morning & Evening, Afternoon Shifts Apply Criteria:Send me your C.v. Write (SMS); Your Name, Qualification, age, location. Contact Email: asghar.aqsa90@gmail.com
 Age 18-30 Salary 15k to 17k Timing 12 hours ... Day / Night Shifts  Contact 0334-4020651 Alhafeez Shopping Mall Gul berg III Lahore.
 MBA/MPA/BBA Fresh or Experienced both can apply Male / Females equal opportunity... 10 Seats Morning/Evening/Night Shifts Salary Range 40k-60k Drop your CV’s (hr@ipscloud.co) Address: Al-hafeez Shopping Mall Opp Hafeez Centre, Gulberg-III, Lahore.
Paid Internship Program : (Only for Rawalpindi / ISL ) Are you a Graduate ready to kick start your career in Wordpress Development? Keen to learn even more tech...nologies and put them to use? 
Paid Internship Program : (Only for Rawalpindi / ISL ) Are you a Graduate ready to kick start your career in Wordpress Development? Keen to learn even more tech...nologies and put them to use? 
 Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.
 Job Brief Experienced academic writers are required for academic essays and dissertations. Must have knowledge of APA and MLA Referencing Style. Must be able to write flawlessly with accurate sentence structure, grammar, and spellings. We have a strict policy for plagiarism.
 a). Understanding of Google Apps (Docs, spreadsheet etc), Google Adwords & Analytics, Social Media Portals (FB, Twitter, LinkedIn) etc), and Adobe Photoshop. b). Be able to generate ideas and content (graphics, text copy, blog posts, calendar, analytic reports) for social media channels including Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter & Google+ c). Be able to analyze and generate social media analytical reports d). Have ability to understand and explore the working of the product/service completely in short time. e). Be able to actively and responsibly generate ideas for marketing and business development of the product. For more information visit: www.aurorasolutions.io Only shortlisted candidates shall be contacted.
For admission in Ms in NU do I have to give NAT or GAT?
SEO Internees for Software House: Qualification:  Minimum Graduation. Experience:  Fresh Salary:  5,000 to 10,000 Stipend per Month.... Duty Hours: 3pm to 12am, 6pm to 3am Gender: Male/Female only Email: Drop your updated CV on (naeem.altaf@ipscloud.co). (sohail.shabbir@p3care.com)  Mention position in subject line.  Address: Office # 405, Al-hafeez Shopping Mall Opp Hafeez Centre, Gulberg-III, Lahore.
Aslam o Alikum  We need ambassadors from CS & Computer department for our biggest contest of COMPEC  held every year in NUST University of   electrical and mechanical  engineering  ●  Should be responsible ●  Experienced ●  Final year CS student will be preferred  ... ●  Male $ female both are eligible  ●  Every CS student can apply

 Please share your resumes at obaidkarim92@yahoo.com
 Requirements: • Creative flair, originality and a strong visual sense • Strong computer skills • Confidence, to present and explain ideas to clients and colleagues • Interest in graphics and typography. Only candidates with excellent creative skills should apply with resume and portfolio. Email: yusra_urooj@skyscrapersnow.com
 Requirements: • Creative flair, originality and a strong visual sense • Strong computer skills • Confidence, to present and explain ideas to clients and colleagues • Interest in graphics and typography. Only candidates with excellent creative skills should apply with resume and portfolio. Email: yusra_urooj@skyscrapersnow.com
Required female CSR  TIMING  MORNING ... GENDAR MALE/ FEMALES MINIMUM GRADUATE  GOOD SPOKEN ENGLISH & URDU SALARY 15K TO 25K SEND RESUMES ON  SOHAIL.SHABBIR@P3CARE.COM


TechJuice is Pakistan’s leading technology media platform, dedicated to profiling and promoting Pakistani startups and entrepreneurs, cryptocurrency, it also re...views new emerging gadgets, lists latest mobile prices in Pakistan, and breaking technology news. Founded in 2014, TechJuice quickly became a go to place for techies, geeks, businessmen, start-up founders and venture capitalists in Pakistan and abroad. We are ecstatic to announce Techjuice as our official media partner!
Team Developer's Day is proud to have TEXT on board with us, to share this exciting journey and pitch in to bridge the gap between academics and the job industry.  #TextDevelopersDay2018 #RedefiningPerspectives
Where does 40 years of business technology expertise get you? Systems Limited, that’s where. Systems Limited is a global leader of next-generation IT services a...nd BPO solutions. Ever since its inception the company has evolved and taken center stage in information and technology by providing computing strategies and solutions to Government and Private Organizations. Combining innovation and putting data to work is what these guys go on about. May it be pharmaceutical, your banking needs or everyday consumer goods their list of clients just keeps on going and here we open heartedly welcome Systems Limited as our technology partner. For registrations and further details, visit http://devday.khi.nu.edu.pk/ Follow us on Instagram at https://www.instagram.com/p/Bg_WBVUgUEI/ Follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DevDayFAST/status/980085390349651968 #TextDevelopersDay2018 #RedefiningPerspectives
Glowfish labs is urgently looking for a PHP developer having 3 or more years of experience in PHP development. Experience with frameworks especially CodeIgniter (and laravel) and restful API development would hold importance. Interested candidates may send their resumes at amna@glowfishlabs.com
Join us for IOSH Managing Safely on 06th April at MOST SERVICES PVT LTD. Fee : Rs.15,000 Contact @ +92336-5555628/627 | Islamabad |I-8 Markaz.
Urgently hiring iOS Developer for Islamabad's office of Rockville Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal candidate must possess 3-4 years of relevant experience in iOS, OS X Development, SWIFT, RESTful APIs, UI Design
Part time and full time jobs for both girls and boys for university students minimum education fsc and good listening and speaking skills  Salary packages from 18k to 45k depending upon your performance willing one inbox me   HR Touch stone american solars and security system  thankx
Rockville Technologies Islamabad is urgently hiring iOS Developer in Islamabad. The ideal candidate must possess 04-05 years of relevant experience in iOS, OS X Development, SWIFT, RESTful APIs, UI Design
 Register now at: www.ibaprobattle.com.pk Are you ready to rumble?
 • Should know about android application integration with Facebook, Google+, twitter and other social media platforms... • Candidate must have worked with REST API • Candidate must know how to work with android local database • Candidate must have worked with different payment model including Braintree and stripe • Good OOP and data structure skills • Good database skills Job Details • Industry: Information Technology • Job Shift: First Shift (Day) • Job Type: Full Time/Permanent • Job Location: Rawalpindi Pakistan • Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Computer Science • Career Level: Experienced Professional/ Intern Freshly graduates are encouraged to apply Interested candidates forward your CV@ hrdepartment.3bz@gmail.com

 https://www.facebook.com/events/422039201582380/?ti=cl
 Qualification: BSCS / BSIT / BSSE... Experience: 8 months-1 year Location: Islamabad Job Timings: 9am-6pm Gender: Any Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.
 Interested candidates can apply at lubna.akbar@zones.com For company details, visit www.zones.com
#Jobs_In_Islamabad #Content_Writer_SEO We are looking to hire Content Writer(SEO)!!! Qualification: BSCS / BBA(Marketing)... Experience: Fresh(Candidates must be from NUST,FAST,GIKI & UET,Bahria & Comsats) Location: Islamabad Job Timings: 9am-6pm Gender: Any Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.
 Interested candidates can apply at lubna.akbar@zones.com For company details, visit www.zones.com

 Don't forget to mention position in subject which you are applying for! Location: Near Comsats University Islamabad  Apply before 10th March 2018

Hi everyone  Will someone plz tell the elective subjects list of the BS ELECTRICAL program at fast islamabad? And i wana ask if fast is better, or comsats, or uet taxila? I will be waiting for you guyz 😊 Tnx
The moment has come for which you all have been waiting for! Ambassador’s call for the most anticipated event of Society of Photonics Instrumentation and Engine...ering SPIE GIK Chapter has started. Don’t miss out on opportunity of your life time and apply now to become Ambassador of NECOO’18.  Click here to register. https://drive.google.com/open… In case of any query don’t hesitate to contact us for further details. HAMZA ALEEM: 0322-5016234 OMAR AZIZ: 0303-8175072
#Jobs_In_Islamabad #Content_Writer_SEO We are looking to hire Content Writer(SEO)!!! Qualification: BSCS / BBA(Marketing)... Experience: Fresh(Candidates must be from NUST,FAST,GIKI ,UET,Bahria & Comsats) Location: Islamabad Job Timings: 9am-6pm Gender: Any Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.

Become Network Security Specialist/Engineer  by attending CCNA Security Class from Mr. Ahmed Saeed Cisco Authorized Security Instructor.  Join CISCO Academy program CCNA (Security) get Cisco official training  certificate with 50%discount voucher on CCNA Security  online exam by Cisco. Course will conduct at Cisco Academy with Cisco authorized trainer. Class is starting from 4th March 2018. The core features of this class include:... 1. Best Cisco Lab in the town.  3X2851 Routers, 2X1841 Routers, 2X3560 Switches,2X2960-S Switches,2X2950 Switches, ASA 5510,2X ASA5506X with Firepower and ASA 5525-X Firewalls  2. Both theory and labs will be conducted by Sir Ahmed Saeed.(Cisco Academy Authorized Trainer)  3. Official Cisco curriculum covering all exam topics  4. Career counseling and JOB Placements  5. Exam preparation  6. Course books and Lab Manuals  7. Only fifteen (15) seats available to deliver quality contents Training Pre-requisite: Nil  Class Duration : 3 Months  Class Starting Date: 4th March  2018  Days and timings: SAT and SUN 4:00PM to 6:00pm  Location : PECHS Block 6 Commercial Area  Course fees : 13,000PKR  Please enrolled yourself for the session as limited seats available. For enrollments please call at 0336-2540748 Join My Cisco Center Group at Facebook i.e. The largest Network Engineers Facebook group in Pakistan.
#Jobs_In_Islamabad #Content_Writer_SEO We are looking to hire Content Writer(SEO)!!! Qualification: BSCS / BBA(Marketing)... Experience: Fresh(Candidates from NUST,FAST,GIKI & UET will be preferred) Location: Islamabad Job Timings: 9am-6pm Gender: Any Interested candidates can share their resumes at: sana.irfan@rightjobs.pk Kindly mention position name in subject line.

 We’re looking for:  * Graphic Design interns * Web/App Developing interns... * Content writers * Social media marketing and SEO interns (intermediate level) Email your CV’s and portfolios at sehrish@ideasred.com, subject being the position you’re applying for. 

We are a food start-up, looking for someone to support us remotely on IOS / Android updates, enhancements, building new features to our existing apps.  • Strong knowledge of Android SDK, different versions of Android, and how to deal with different screen sizes • Good understanding of Java, XML and SQLite databases     • Good in IOS native development.... • Familiarity with restful APIs to connect Android applications to back-end services • Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices • Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning • Knowledge of the open-source Android ecosystem and the libraries available for common tasks • Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements • Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications • Understanding of Google’s Android design principles and interface guidelines • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git • Familiarity with continuous integration • Able to meet deadlines. • Demonstrates excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work independently as well as ability to collaborate with remote teams
 Package includes : 1.Accommodation 2.Food Allowance... 3.Transport Allowance 4. Opportunity to join Saudi team after probation including a fast salary increment

 Mark the date guys, 10th March. FAST NUCES Lahore.

Registrations details for the events of EOL this year. Hurry up and register yourself at www.emeolympiad.com For more details, contact Affan Ul Haq 0324 3285514
Agr ap admission k criteria main lie nahi karte tu admission ka koi tareeka hai
Experts Visions needs following persons: Front-end developer (1-3 years) Php Developer(1-3 years) Please apply here: http://eveati.com/jobs/ Apply before 31 January 2018.
 Ideal candidate should have great problem solving, communication and tasks management skills. 
Looking for students from Civil Engineering background for some paid online tasks relevant to different subjects of civil engineering. Interested ones please inbox me. Thanks.
Finally the wait is over..Registrations are open. Don't miss the chance to witness one of the biggest event of twin cities.
Experts Visions needs following persons: Front-end developer (1-3 years) Php Developer(1-3 years) Please apply here: http://eveati.com/jobs/ Apply before 31 January 2018.


Registrations for MediaFest'18 are now open. Reserve your slot before it's too late! Register Now at register.mediaclubgiki.com Event Page: https://goo.gl/nxqyus Liaison Package: https://goo.gl/rwXB5d #Mediafest18

 To be a part of the 19th All Pakistan Science Fair please fill the form and register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdYu5xrpbNnVojzG…/viewform…
Fast university ka BSCS ka test kasa ata hai or aus ki tyari kahan ki ki jaye kn si books se?
Procom 2018 serves as the pride of FAST NUCES with awe-inspiring credibility.  Hence, it is with utter enthusiasm that we announce Techlogix as our sponsor for ...the 20th iteration of Procom. Techlogix is an IT consulting and business solutions company that holds an impressive global clientèle and reputation. We are thrilled to have them on board with us and plan to make this collaboration worthwhile.

I've been selected in CS of FAST peshawar campus..although i just applied in CS of FAST islmbd campus.Kindly tell me what's the possibility of tranfering my admission to islmbd campus as i live in pindi
Hi Fastians, I belong to Fast-Nu Karachi campus. We are once again proud to announce the dates of the biggest and the most awaited event of Pakistan that brings knowledge, skills and opportunities to all the trimmers out there. Yes, PROCOM is here! This mega event is taking place on the 21st and the 22nd of March in the well known University FAST. We have been successful for 20 years straight into building up characters, strengths and polishing academic and non academic talen...ts. This event will carry out tasks and competitions related to three different fields (Computer science, BBA and Electrical Engineering) And many other general competitions for entertainment too.   Not just competitions, there is so much more. Participants or observers can attend seminars of the well known speakers and sponsors. There are job opportunities for all the job seeking students in the biggest job fair that's also a part of this fascinating event.  PROCOM has always been helpful and successful into making all the observers confident on what they want and what they should work for. With your strength and passion, you may also be a successful part of PROCOM. If you haven't yet explored yourself and the skill you hold, tag along!  The promotions has started in all the universities of Pakistan. Stay tuned for more details and information and don't miss out this biggest opportunity that's waiting at your doorstep. For more details, visit our page : Procom.Net :)
Android/iOS developers directly apply on this link : http://eveati.com/jobs/ios-developer/

We are looking for interns for our startup at NIC LAHORE(Basement SSE LUMS). *Paid Internship* Location: LUMS Send your C.v's at info@foriedu.com
EME Olympiad is returning with a myriad of fun-filled activities. We have Sound Slosh, Concert, Sport and Technical events. YOU NAME IT, WE HAVE IT!
Hurry up! Only 2 Days left before our ambassador call comes to an end. Don't miss the opportunity to be a part of the 19th All Pakistan Science fair. Benefits o...f being an ambassador: Free registration Free merchandise Free accommodation Free Transport Free Social Events Passes Ambassador Certificate Best Ambassador trophy (awarded to the best ambassador) https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdxGzS1fHAxUMgLcw…/viewform Ambassador package:
For our call center near Thoker Niaz Baig, Lahore, we are on the hunt of some fresh resources with good caliber. Candidates must have excellent Spoken English, with little to no accent, and have the ability to handle harsh/tough customers politely, diligently and diplomatically. Qualification: A Levels/FSC - Masters Base Salary: PRK25,000 Additional Perks: Handsome commission & lucrative bonuses... Shift: 8pm to 5am, Monday to Friday Starts: Immediately The candidates will be working as financial recovery executive, collecting overdue debts from American consumers.

Become an Oracle Apps Functional Consultant and be in demand. Stamp Oracle skills through Oracle USA Certification exam to become a part of one of the most powerful & renowned ERP systems in the world. Learn from Oracle Implementation Consultants. Online Training Facility is available. Call 0322-4225516 or email at info@rexglobalconsultants.com.
Freelance work opportunity for Master and PhD students! Well paid work that can be done remotely. Looking for academic writers with technical knowledge in either economics (finance, business, accounting etc), social studies (linguistics, history, law, development etc.),  or general (arts, fashion, sports etc). Please email Sarahadams.admas@gmail.com with a copy of your resume. Selected candidates will be invited for a paid trial round.  -please email directly to Sarahadams.admas@gmail.com

Anyone plzz Cnfrm Is This university offering the Course of M.A English? ??
Finally! ACM-GIKI CHAPTER brings back the most awaited event of the year, 18th SOFTCOM this 23rd-25th February! Want to be an ambassador? Now's the chance to av...ail this amazing opportunity.  Here is the link to the Ambassador Registration Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfyYbNvTbgwnm0swW…/viewform Don't miss out on your chance to take part in the largest technical event of the country.
 Candidate should be skilled in Candidate must understand concepts of cloud computing, preferably with Amazon’s AWS. Javascript Ability to take written directions in English Candidates with experience in Laravel will be preferred
Accounting Expert needed. It's a paid task. Check the file, if you can do it, come to inbox. Thanks
Hello guys give me advice please i have intest in computers and more knowledge in it. But every body is saying go to civil engineering  it has scope. And they say that softwere engineering or information technology is not good at pakistan .and there is no prectical  work. They teach old softwers . You will ruin your life please tell me. I want to go in softwere engineering or information technology.
Techtronix Corp. is a technical office of INVITEMANAGER and is looking for multiple resources for their Technical support and operations team having experience from 1 to 3 years. Fresh grads with exceptional programming skills can also apply Skills required: - Good programming and logic building skills. - Good communication and analytical skills... - Strong RDBMS concepts and SQL development skills (Highly Preferred) - Team Player Interested candidates can send their resume to arslan.choudhary@techtronix.biz
Pakistan International Airlines PIA Latest Jobs 2017 in ICT Department Job Details: https://goo.gl/tfNqNn
Undergraduate Programs Admissions are Open In Quaid E Azam International University Islamabad 2017 Details: https://goo.gl/t9kZNa


Software Quality Analyst is required in Bentley Systems
Latest TEVTA Jobs 2017 for Govt Institute of Leather Technology Gujranwala https://goo.gl/99e45L
University of Lahore Latest Jobs 2017 Pakpattan Campus for Teaching Faculty and Admin Staff https://goo.gl/HkEKBm


National Logistics Cell Jobs 2017 for Karachi and Rawalpindi Jobs Details: https://goo.gl/G7Y814

Job Title: Assistant Manager Sales Industry: IT (Hardware/Software) Location: Karachi Qualification: BBA/BE We are looking for ‘Assistant Manager Sales’. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 4 years of experience in B2B IT Sales and/or Business Development in the market of Pakistan. Apply by Oct 20, 2017. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals. Check complete job details at 
Job Title: Assistant Manager Sales Industry: IT (Hardware/Software) Location: Karachi Qualification: BBA/BE We are looking for ‘Assistant Manager Sales’. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 4 years of experience in B2B IT Sales and/or Business Development in the market of Pakistan. Apply by Oct 20, 2017.... Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals. Check complete job details at 
Job Title: Assistant Manager Sales Industry: IT (Hardware/Software) Location: Karachi Qualification: BBA/BE We are looking for ‘Assistant Manager Sales’. Our ideal candidate would be having at least 4 years of experience in B2B IT Sales and/or Business Development in the market of Pakistan. Apply by Oct 20, 2017.... Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals. Check complete job details at 
 We are looking for ‘Network Engineer’ for IT products. Our ideal candidate would be an engineer having CCNA/CCNP certification with complete knowledge of Networking. Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional. Apply by 15th November 2017. Check Job Description http://www.softechms.com/careers/network-engineer/
Systems Ltd. is hiring "Business Development Executives" for US Market. If you have good command on English language and are looking for a career oriented job, please send us your resume at eric.samuel@visionetsystems.com

Final List of selected Ambassadors. Biggest Technical Olympiad of Pakistan 8th-10th December,2017 #AirTech17



Winter is coming and so is one of the most important robotics event of the year. This year marks the 10th anniversary of NEO and is going to be way bigger than ever.  The ambassador call for NEO'18 has started. So get yourself registered!! Ambassador gets a free entry if he/she brings 15 participants. The best ambassador will get "Best Ambassador Award" and certificate. Follow this link to fill the form to get registred for NEO'18:... https://goo.gl/forms/bsPccOMaaSsA5nKm2
Alert for Internship and Job Opportunities Zones PK (Private) Limited, a leading USA based IT company is looking for following positions in our Islamabad office. For Internship (Day Time) Ideal candidate must have bachelor’s degree with good English communication skills, knowledge of ERP system will be a plus. Internship duration will be of 03 Months along with Stipend of PKR 15,000/month For Job (Night Shift)... Purchasing Operations Department Ideal candidate must possesses minimum bachelor’s degree. Excellent English communication skills, Good command on MS Excel and ERP system is required. Good knowledge of Procurement Cycle & E-Procurement is must. These positions are Night Shift based, timings are (9PM-6AM) Excellent salary package along with other attractive benefits will be offered to selected candidates.  Please spread the word and relevant profiles may apply at Lubna.akbar@zones.com For company details please visit our website www.zones.com

Experts Vision (www.eveati.com) needs persons having excelling programming skills in Python or C#. Requirements: Bachelor or Master degree in Engineering/CS having 1-3 years of experience in any of these fields: Image and video processing... Internet of Things Machine learning and Artificial Intelligence Data science and big data Market competitive salary Opportunities to attend different field related seminars/workshops Research Publications  Send your updated CVs at expertsvision@live.com Freshers can also send their CVs for paid internship if they have excellent programming and analytical skills.  Location: Near Comsats University Chak Shezad, Islamabad, Pakistan
AARZ.PK is looking for  an “SEO Specialist”. The SEO Specialist will be responsible for implementing SEO and social media strategies for clients.  Key Functiona...l Areas of Responsibility • Perform keyword research in coordination with client business objectives to optimize existing content and uncover new opportunities.  • Provide SEO analysis and recommendations in coordination with elements and structure of websites and web pages • Provide recommendations and execute strategies for content development in coordination with SEO goals – general and keyword specific.  • Administer search engine programs (XML sitemaps, shopping feeds, webmaster tools) for purposes of diagnostic reporting on client projects • Help to create and support marketing content to socialize and use for social media purposes (e.g. customer videos briefs, customer case studies, blog posts, posts from analysts and customers) • Implement link building campaigns in coordination with client SEO goals • Assist in development and execution of communication/content strategies via social communities in coordination with SEO goals • Keep pace with SEO, search engine, social media and internet marketing industry trends and developments • Research and administer social media tools in support of clients’ social media strategy • Monitor and administer web analytics dashboards, reports and key reporting tools, and point out key areas of importance in accordance client goals • Monitor and evaluate search results and search performance across the major search channels • Communication to team and management on project development, timelines, and results • Work closely with the other team members to meet client goals Professional Competencies • Passion for SEO and internet marketing • Outstanding ability to think creatively, and identify and resolve problems • Attention to detail and the ability to effectively multi-task in a deadline driven atmosphere • Ability to clearly and effectively articulate thoughts and points • High levels of integrity, autonomy, and self-motivation • Excellent analytical, organizational, project management and time management skills Professional Skills & Qualifications • 2-3 years’ experience in Search Engine Marketing (SEM) and Search Engine Optimization (SEO) • Proficiency in MS Excel, PowerPoint, and Word • Experience with website analysis using a variety of analytics tools including Google Analytics as well as internal reporting tool • Experience working with popular keyword tools (Google, WordTracker, Keyword Discovery, etc) • Experience working with CMS and building/administering content in CMS environments • Desired: Knowledge of HTML/CSS and website administrations • BS/BA degree preferred

She's here, are you?  IET GIKI Chapter presents the biggest concert of the year at GIKI.  Register now to be the part of the event.  Due to overwhelming respons...e of the participants we have decided to extend our deadline. Registration deadline: 1st of December. School registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSc1Ku1jTBiLEg3bKI…/viewform University registration : https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdGjhNSyPHqH--25_…/viewform
 FAST-NUCES National University of Sciences and Technology Pakistan -NUST LUMS IBA - Institute of Business Administration PAF-KIET NED University OF Engineering and Tech. Karachi KuDcs-Ubit-Official Sir Syed University Of Engineering And Technology (SSUET) Ghulam Ishaq Khan Institute of Engineering Sciences and Technology - GIKI Comsats Institute of Information Technology-Official SZABIST Institute of Business Management DHA Suffa University (Official) Iqra University - IU Bahria University - Official University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore

Real estate developer requires an individual with a 3 year diploma, DAE Electrical in lahore. He has to manage all the staff, generators, cctv, escalators, lifts, fire alarm system and hydrants. Good salary will be given. Relevant experienced persons will be preferred. Drop your CVs at "jobs.galleria1@gmail.com"
Real estate developer requires an individual with a 3 year diploma, DAE Electrical or BS Electrical Engineering in lahore. He has to manage all the staff, generators, cctv, escalators, lifts, fire alarm system and hydrants. Good salary will be given. Relevant experienced persons will be preferred. Drop your CVs at "jobs.galleria1@gmail.com"
Techlets is a data science firm with a SaaS product for brands to help them tap into the pulse of digital spectrum and supplement it with their data for better ...decision-making. Techlets allows a brand to track all their digital, social and ground data into a consolidated platform: social media (Facebook, Twitter etc.), web analytics, email campaigns, app analytics, ground surveys more. Brands can use the platform to also track their campaigns, competitors, monitor market and product trends, and measure share of voice. We are seeking a qualified candidate to join Techlets as a Full Stack Developer to work closely with design and backend engineering teams to create secure applications. You will use a clean, modular approach reflected in the design/template/layout you create, and ensure continuous integration with the main systems. Key Responsibilities -Ensure timely deployment/deliverables. -Be curious, collaborative and self-motivated. -Be prepared to learn fast and be comfortable with venturing into the unknown as we work on cutting-edge deliverables -Help prototype future interfaces and work closely with product and design teams. Role Qualifications -Fresh to 1 Year experience creating web applications using backend and frontend technologies like PHP, NodeJs, AngularJS, ES6 -Know your way around common web technologies like HTML5, CSS (LESS/SASS) -Experienced with JavaScript package managers such as Npm, Bower -Worked with build automation such as Grunt, Gulp, etc -Must know how to use rebase, merge and fork in Git -Good understanding of how an agile team uses SCRUM, Kanban or similar methodologies. Use this form to apply : https://goo.gl/forms/gq72Wz7nWmS6R8032
 We are looking to hire some talented folks wandering around the town to join the most friendly and hard working team in the town, TxLabz. This job post is for multiple positions so while applying please mention the job title in the email subject.  Brief: We are looking for a Front-end Web Developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. 
 # 2. Deep expertise and hands on experience with Web Applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's.   # 8. Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them. # 9. Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to web applications 
Our company (Experts Vision) needs persons to join  us on project basis. You will get permanent work based on your expertise. You must be in Rawalpindi/ Islamabad so we could do project meetings in our office located besides Comsats University, Chakshezad Islamabad. You must have solid experience in which you will apply because we will take detailed interview and test.  You can also work in our office and in case you want to work from home you should have stable internet conn...ection in home and also you should be available for meetings at our office. We need persons in following fields: Unity 3D  Android and IOS Asp.net and C# Python (Machine learning, data mining, deep learning) Matlab (Image processing, Machine Learning, Digital Communication, Signal Processing) IOT (arduino and Rasberry PI) Solidworks Please send your detailed CVs/ Portfolio at expertsvision@live.com and mention the tools you are applying for in the subject.  Please only apply if you have more than 3 years of experience in above mentioned tools after completion of studies!!
Institute of Training, Development & Research (ITDR): School/College Jobs available: 1) Montessori..Female Teacher..9th.10th.Computer...School...Female Teacher...Kaller Sayedan...Free Accomodation..Free Pick and Drop.. 2) 9th 10th..Bio.Phy.Chemistry...Male Teacher..Kaller Syedan...Free Accomodation..Free Pick and Drop... 3) 9th.10th.FA/FSc...English...College..Kallar Kahar..Free Accomodation..... Contact: 0332-2750381, 0300-2750381, 0313-2750381

Following Vacancies For Islamabad office:


SimpliCity Labs NUST Islamabad are looking to hire interns Paid Internship Leading to job
Required Angularjs 2 Developer for Software industry, with expert knowledge of jQuery, HTML5 & Bootstrap CSS. Open for all Nationalities. Candidate must have 2 years of experience and completed 3 successful projects.Salary SAR 14K-18K. Location Riyadh, KSA. Email us: info@worldhiring.com

VTB is offering internships in following fields

Federal Public Service Commission Latest Jobs August 2017 Advertisement No 8/2017 https://goo.gl/G3G6kw
State Bank of Pakistan SBP Latest Jobs 2017 for OG-1 Officers 8th Batch https://goo.gl/iHfiHL
Bank of Punjab BOP Latest Jobs 2017 https://goo.gl/r9xBg3

SCHOLARSHIP FOR THE PAKISTANI STUDENTS FOR ADMISSION IN THE MOROCCAN PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS 2017-18 https://goo.gl/DmtGLs

JOB ALERT ⚠ Vacancies Opened 2017# #A SECP Recognized Fast Growing International USA based Company Hiring professional staff. Limited Applications last date 15 August.  Apply Now Read Carefully(only for Lahore) ... SMS Your CV: 0310-4980198/what's app. Male/Female, Staff Required For the Following Office & Home Based Duties #Education & Trainings....! 10Vacancies  Qualification Required: O/A levels graduates, Master's  Duties: Regular Trainings,  IT Courses, Skill Teaching,motivation  lecture's #Interested Candidate send their short CV .....!  Write SMS:Your Name, Qualification, , Age, current location Email, skills &  Send to 0310-4980198 /What's app.

Softech Microsystems are looking for 'Manager Sales', 'Network Engineers' and 'Systems Engineers' for below positions: 1- Manager Sales (4 years  experience of IT B2B Sales) 2- Sales Executive (2 years experience of B2B sales) 3- Lead Generation Specialist (Females with 2 years of sales experience)... 4- Network Engineer (CCNP Certified with 2 years of experience) 5- Trainee Network Engineer (CCNA Certified) 6- Systems Engineer (Microsoft or Linux Certified with 2 years of experience) 7- Systems Engineer (Microsoft or Linux Certified) Apply at 'http://www.softechms.com/careers/' or Send your resume at jobs@sotechms.com
Jobs Available in one of Polish Top Bank (Poland, Euorpe). Candidate should have deep knowledge of C++ programming and atleast 1 year of experience. Salary 2000 - 5000 Euros No restriction of Gender. For more info inbox me.
FIRST semester of CS books(basic electronics and introduction to computing) in pdf plz... or suggest which one to dowload from web.  thanks.
When will the classes of Bs EE/CS will start in session 2017

FIRST semester of CS books(basic electronics and introduction to computing) in pdf plz... or suggest which one to dowload from web.  thanks.
What are MS admissions schedule #Fall_Semester

I have been selected in Fast islamabad . Now can i send all my documents fully completed with DD  or is it really necessary for me to visit now . if i do not visit now , will it cause admission problems . I am from hyd and its damn difficult to go to isb campus just for verification ... Help needed seniors .
FAST islamabad hostels can i get any information
FAST NU Islamabad ki fees structure kos bata skta hey. first semester : each semester : per anum : total 4 year...  plz


how to check a fast result😌😌😌
Swap needed. If Anyone want to swap from FAST Lahore campus to Islamabad campus. Kindky Contact me. 03414538838 03245486621 musabbilalsatti@gmail.com I want to transfer my admission from Islamabad to Lahore.... MSCS Program.

for bscs fast islamabad or comsats lahore or itu. which one is best.Can we transfer after one semester from one campus to other in fast. need advice
  If you are a:  - SEO/SEM   - Web Developer...  - Marketing Strategist   - Admin  - Intern
fast karachi and Islamabad   per semesters fees ??  and please guide me  step by step after test and after merit  list  what to do next and how to do ? plz

Career Pakistan (CP) is looking for candidates for the position of Backend Engineer at a Multinational Company. Salary:  PKR​ 80K to 200K -- ​ ​ may vary depending upon candidate's profile Essential Requirements (by Career Pakistan): Sector and Company Type: Experience in large Software Development Company Function: -- Experience of writing software codes Preferred: --​ ​ Experience with distributed systems engineering and frameworks such as Akka or Elixir -- Experience on large scale big data technologies such as HBase and Spark (both in Java and Scala) [Please note: If you have such experience, please explain it in your CV] Years of Experience: Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience Note: -- While sending CV, please mention your current/last monthly salary​.​
Punjab Information Technology Board PITB Jobs 2017 https://goo.gl/8Fpj8G
Dear all, Last chance to apply for admission in the master program with specialization in Advanced Electronics. Hurry up and become the part of the most funded Advanced Electronics specific grant in Pakistan.  Regards

Telenor Job opening Android developer Experience: minimum one year to 3 years Mail to : junaidatique@gmail.com
Fast uni k test k liye kis tarah ki tayari karni chahiye????

Prime Minister National ICT  Internship Program for IT Students 2017 Apply Online https://goo.gl/SyLV87








Frnd plz help me,Fast ke last date 7 july hai mgr aaj mtlb 6 july  py form fill kiya to us k challan py likha tha due date 6 july.plz guide mn ab kya krun kya meri suba means 7th july  py fees submit ho sakte hai?




NESTLE Jobs in Pakistan for Nutrition Specialists and Assistant Medical Advisors 2017
VTB is hiring Candidates for different vacancies 2017
Our Next batch of "Enterprise Datawarehouse Ecosystem" course is starting from 10th July, 2017. For further details and registration please click here: https://goo.gl/RYYFBZ. Call us on 051-8356066 or Contact us via email at: info@diceanalytics.pk
Is there anyone who is doing MSCS from Fast??? Need some information regarding admission test. On website test pattern for MSCS is following. 10% Essay Writing. 15% Analytical and IQ. 75% Specialization area.
How much marks should I have in fast nu test to get admission in electrical engineering in islamabad  I have 829 Matric and 398 in fsc part 1?
Asalamu-alaikum..  I want to do MS in Software Engineering from Fast University, can anyone please help me that what type of test Fast university have for MS students? is there any guide with anyone to share ..? thanks!

Anyone who has done MS CS from FAST? Want to ask few questions about the program...
JOB OPPORTUNITIES IN PAEC FOR DIPLOMA HOLDERS AND SCIENCE GRADUATES TRAINING TO BE HELD AT KINPOE KARACHI AND CHASCENT MIANWALI https://goo.gl/BgjKDp
HEC Science Talent Farming Scheme Scholarship For Matric And Intermediate Students Advertisement Latest Outstanding Opportunity for Inter and Matric Students of Pakistan

FAST ka MBA non-BBA wlo k lie hai kya?
***VTB is hiring for following positions*** 1-Sr. Java Developer [Java EE, Spring & Hibernate experience of 4+ years] 2- Sr. Software Engineer [Java] with 4+ years experience 3- System Architect [8+ years experience] 4- IT Project Lead [8+ years experience]... All positions are Islamabad based but out-stationed candidates are encouraged to apply and will be compensated accordingly. If you want to be a part of growing, challenging and rewarding work environment then this is a best opportunity for you. Job Timings: Morning Shift send resume at :  meharnisha.007@gmail.com and add my reference in the email also mention position applied for in the subject line.
CM #Chinese #Scholarship #program 2017 Batch 4 https://goo.gl/9PFG38
Latest #HEC #Overseas #Scholarship 2017 for Phd https://goo.gl/MrDRtv
Job Title: Pre-sales Engineer Location: Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad Qualification: BE/BSCS Certifications: CCNP We are looking for a ‘Pre-sales Engineer’ to Work on Big Brands of IT industry; Sophos, Cyberoam, Kaspersky, Barracuda, Watchguard, etc to expand our business. Our ideal candidate is a person having atleast 2 years of experience in installation of information security related products at system integrator.  Interested candidates may send their resumes at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional.
Vacancies of software engineer in IT department of Arshad Group Faisalabad https://goo.gl/2Y7jTh
Masood Textile Mills Ltd required urgent applications for the post of Oracle Software Engineer https://goo.gl/UkKDEm

Urgently required  Post:marketing MTO (Management Trainee Officer)  Gender:Female Salary:30-35k Location:lahore... Qualification:Graduation upto 300k annual bonus(depending on performance) 200k medical allowance if you stick with them for 1 Year a good candidate shall have good communication skills and be presentable interested candidates send cv at hr7@careerz360.pk along with their picture.Kindly mention post in the Subject section
Urgently Required! Our Client is a well reputed Company looking for an INTERNESHIP OPPORTUNITY at their Firm  Post: CONTENT WRITER  Qualification: Equivalent to A-Level/Inter Salary: Upto PKR 15 Thousands... Experience:  1:Good English Writing & Verbal Skills. 2:Have a High Standard of Written material and able to create impact. 3:Experience with Microsoft Word,HTML. 4:Able to meet DEADLINES. Location: Lahore Interested Candidates Are Required to Share their Resumes at hr7@careerz360.pk along with their picture
can anyone please send me the timetable of summer semester#17 courses ???  ? i needit
Job Title: Trainee Network Engineer Location: Karachi Qualification: BE/BSCS (Telecommunication/Network) Certifications: CCNA/CCNP (Preferred) We are looking for a ‘Trainee Network Engineer’ to work on our internal our internal network. Candidate must have internship experience and good knowledge of  Tcp/IP, SIP, VLAN, WLANS, Clouds And Network Infrastructure  Interested candidates may send their resumes at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professionals.
Summer Internship Program at BroadPeak Technologies for FAST-NU Lahore undergraduate students Location: Lahore Duration: 6 Weeks Department: Software Development Apply at: hrubab@broadpeak.com... #BroadPeak #Lahore #Paid #Internship #Undergraduates #CSStudents #FASTNU #LUMS
:: MOBILE APPLICATION DEVELOPER REQUIRED :: Application Deadline: Midday, Sunday, 14th May 2017. Anzen is an organisation dealing with cutting edge technology such as AI, IoT and deep learning networks. We are looking for passionate young individuals who want utilize their job to learn new technologies, develop new systems and take ownership of projects in mobile application development domain.   We hire individuals who are self-motivated and quick learners, can collaborate w...ith team mates and superiors to deliver and finalize the tasks assigned to them. Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done, links to projects and live apps etc. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. = Minimum Experience: Fresh or Recent Graduates Excellent skills and minimum 1 year relevant experience in mobile application, server side scripting, NodeJS API and UI development. = Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree preferably Computer Engineering/ Computer Software Engineering/ Computer Science Master’s degree (added advantage) = Technical Skills: • Core understanding of Android application development. • Core understanding of Databases, Server side interaction, API development. • Basic level skills in photoshop or Illustrator for front end modifications. = Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of upcoming technologies and their industrial application. • Passionate about creating systems based on mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Excellent organization skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills
 We are looking for a full time WordPress Developer who will be working on site in our office near Commercial Market RWP.... Excellent knowledge of PHP, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and MySQL queries. Extensive experience building responsive WordPress themes and CMS websites from PSD/HTML designs and customizing existing WordPress themes. Experience working with WordPress including in-depth understanding of the existing WordPress functions, coding standards for plugins/widgets, custom post types, WooCommerce and theme integration using best practices. Strong expertise in creating WordPress CMS architectures from scratch based on specifications. Strong understanding of existing WordPress frameworks and willing to learn them if needed. Outstanding problem solving abilities, with a knack for turning complex business needs into clear, intuitive functionality patterns and architectures. Be willing to help your teammates, share your knowledge with them, and learn from them. Excellent communication skills. Please apply with your latest resume and portfolio at usman@propakistani.pk (be sure to include job code "PPMay2017" ). Include your expected compensation as well.
Guys Kia koe FAST UNI ISLAMABAD ka BSCS & Software engineering ka last time merit bta sakta hai ?
PTCL ClimbtheSummit Recruitment Drive is coming to FAST - NUCES Islamabad on Tuesday, 2nd May 2017! Look for the ClimbTheSummit team around your campus for more information. https://www.facebook.com/events/933869430088099/
JOB ALERT ⚠ Vacancies Opened: 2017 Only For Lahore  Limited Applications,   Apply Now Read Carefully,  ... SMS Your CV: 0310-4980198 #Interested & Serious Persons Send Their Short Resume SMS Format ( Name, qualifications, age, current location, Email address,) on 03104-980198  #Note:  After Applying,  You will Get a Reply of Appointment Text.  Read Carefully,  &  Reach in The Office for Interview on Mentioned Time.Thanks.
Urgent Hiring!!! Jobs in Dubai  https://goo.gl/uHNrAC  we are looking for .NET developer, QA,Engineer and Accountant in Sales and Marketing Persons who have some experince in following fields Experience: 1+ yr or freshers  Apply Online through this link  https://goo.gl/uHNrAC  as soon as possible'
 **SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR STUDENTS** Fill out the form and we'll get back to you. https://goo.gl/forms/SFtuh6QTqE5WE23M2
We are looking for ‘Sales Executive’ for IT related products. Our ideal candidate would be a female with atleast 2 years of experience in sales, Business Development and/or Customer Services.  Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional. For further details, check job description at ‘


Asslamualikum i am pre medical student can i apply in CS in fast University?
6 Engineers are Required for firm in islamabad. Lumsum amount will be payed. experience letter will be given to you And also you can visit cite whenever you want to. اسلام ابار کی کمپنی کو 6 انجینر چا ہے  پیسے اسی وقت دے دئے جاۓ گے ... experience letter b bna duga usi wqt aur jab dil karay ap log cite bhi visit kar skty ho.

The world is full of problems. What we need is a problem solver!!  Don't let the world tell you that your ideas are not worth it!  Come to us and show your crea...tive problem solving skills!!  Remember, Creative yet sustainable!! That's the Key! IEEE Computer Society, FAST-NUCES, Lahore brings you the BIGGEST IDEATHON CHALLENGE!! Stay Tuned for more details. Registrations will be opening soon.
InVogue Sol. is looking for a passionate Unity(2D/3D) game developer. Candidate must have developed at-least two games for IOS/Android platform. It's a great opportunity! to join emerging startup.  Following are some mandatory requirements.  - Excellent programming skills - Strong problem solving abilities - Unity game development experience ... - Excellent Scripting skills  - Optimum Game logic and AI abilities - Must know Unity GUI, Asset Bundles, Memory Management Materials/Shaders, particle system etc - Must be able to provide top UI/UX experience  - Expertise in utilising fundamentals of OOP & design patterns  - Must participate in all phases of project lifecycle (design, build, test)  - Must provide links of apps if available Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply!


We are looking for ‘Inside Sales Executive’ for IT related products. Our ideal candidate will be a female with atleast 1-2 years of experience in sales, Business Development and/or Customer Services.  Interested candidates may send their resume at ‘jobs@softechms.com’ with the position title mentioned in the subject line or tag in the right professional. For further details, check job description at ‘http://www.softechms.com/careers/

Can some please send me Handa book for objective questions related to electrical engineering in scanned form. If some one has the book please scan it and post the link or send it to me. i shall be greatful
Registrations extended till Friday 10th March 2017. Register NOW at www.softecnu.org if you haven't already. Those participants who want to pay their registration fee in cash can visit the university campus anytime between 9:00 am to 8:00  pm to pay their dues.  #SOFTEC17 #RefuseToLose
 register before 5th of march... https://www.facebook.com/events/1621115674864556/?active_tab=discussion
 register before 5th of march... https://www.facebook.com/events/1621115674864556/?active_tab=discussion
Get ready to brainstorm your minds with Scientific sessions,Youth talks and Intellectual lectures.#4thISYS Registrations are open: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQiHJPgW9T_pE9D8…/viewform
Ladies and Gentlemen ISYS's dates are here. 4th, 5th & 6th November. Team ISYS is proud to announce participant registrations for ISYS'16. It brings you the opp...ortunity to be a part of something great. To be a part of our event please fill the form and register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQiHJPgW9T_pE9D8…/viewform Liaison Package for guidance is provided at the following link: https://drive.google.com/…/0B5FAaaziyQfWQkJ6SGNjZHBrV…/view… For further details please stay tuned to our facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/isys.giki/?fref=ts and our event page: https://www.facebook.com/events/311641259197204/ For any guidance and queries please email us at: sciencesociety.giki@gmail.com
 Our registrations will close on 17th October, 2016, if our limited slots aren't filled up already by then. You can register here at http://netronixgiki.com/register.html Registration 1. Incomplete registration forms will not be entertained. 2. Please mention clearly the name of the Team Leader of every team; as all correspondence between NETRONiX and the team will be through the team leader. 3. There are two categories for registration: UGX and HACKTRiX. Participants registering… NETRONIXGIKI.COM
 Our registrations will close on 17th October, 2016, if our limited slots aren't filled up already by then. You can register here at http://netronixgiki.com/register.html Registration 1. Incomplete registration forms will not be entertained. 2. Please mention clearly the name of the Team Leader of every team; as all correspondence between NETRONiX and the team will be through the team leader. 3. There are two categories for registration: UGX and HACKTRiX. Participants registering… NETRONIXGIKI.COM
The short notes on a new chapter "Analysis of Financial Statements" is uploaded at Finance Academy. This short video will give you an overview on topics covered... in short notes. To read full chapter short notes please visit Finance Academy at www.wssmeu.com !!!! LIKE & SHARE this page to get more updates related to NEWS & ACADEMIC MATERIAL on FINANCE....!!!!! Thanks in anticipation.....!!!!!! http://wssmeu.com/…/fm-by-va…/financial-statements-analysis/
2 Days Hands on "Wireless Hacking" Workshop in Islamabad on 29th and 30th October. Contact : 03215010586 https://www.facebook.com/events/330407683980833
Are you facing financial problems??? Do you want to get out of your financial problems??? Watch this video (Click on Link to Watch) to find the way.........Please LIKE & SHARE this page to get more.....!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/finance.ac/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel
We need people who have fair English communication skills, The job is regarding calling people in America and producing sales, However we offer 15000-18000 basic salary+ daily bonus. job timing 7:00 pm-4:00 am.(night shift), Pick and drop for females. We have two centers in Shamsabad Pindi and Blue area Islmbd. Contact me 4 interview from my page and like it or inbox me https://www.facebook.com/Rawalpindi-Islamabad-Call-Center-things-139206979840933/?ref=settings

We are taking bookings for-NOV -DEC 2016 for Wedding Events across Pakistan. Slots are open for reservation on first come first serve basis. for package details kindly inbox here or drop an email at focusproz@outlook.com or give us a call at 091-5711332 - 0315-0990102 And visit to our official page www.facebook.com/focusproz
Hiring Fresh BBA/MBA/MS Supply Chain Management candidates for the position of Buying (Procurement) vacant in our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal candidate must possess excellent communication skills,good IT knowledge of software products,Software licensing, Procurement cycle, Purchase Orders, ERP (SAP) ,MS-Office Suite Salary : Market Competitive (with benefits) Job Timings: Night Shift (09pm-06am) Apply/Refer at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (Mention ...Name of The post in subject) Note: >Excellent English Communication is a must >Only relevant candidates will be contacted
 (Lahore Candidates are Preferable!)  Male/Female, Staff Required For the Following Office & Home Based Duties. #IT Advertisement Panel home or office based working:  home based opportunity available but First time you have to Come Must in office.! Matriculation, intermediate, Graduates master, job holders person's.  Online Counseling, Indoor Marketing, Networking, Online Social Advertisement,, network Marketing though social Media.  2 to 4Hours Adjustable Duty Attractive Income With Incentives (20000 to 25000+) #Education, Teaching in Office, Presentation & Motivational Trainings for New candidates.  Graduation, Master's Required, Daily, Weekly, Monthly Basis Income. Salary Depends On Your Interview. (20 to 30000+)  #Office Desk JOB, Interviews Conducting, File Management,office Management, Counseling Office Activities. Part Time & Full Time, Daily, Weekly, Monthly Basis Income. Salary Depends On Your Interview. Intermediate, Graduation,Masters . ( 20 to 25000+) #To Apply :Candidates Send Their Short CV  (NAME,CURRENT LOCATION, QUALIFICATION, AGE, EMAIL ADDRESS ) on 0310-4980198   (Do Mention the Job title)  #Note:  Best For Lahore Candidates. other cities person's can also join home based but Interview  Is Compulsory For Every Position, Even If You Are Applying home based.....!
Fresh Marketing and Supply Chain Graduates can now apply for entry level positions at Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD Islamabad Position Titles: 1-Partner Specialist  2- Renewal Analyst ... 3-Vendor Specialist  4-Buying Officer 5-Business Development Executive The ideal candidates for all positions must possess Excellent Communication Skills, Good Knowledge of IT, MS-Office Skills
AI Logica (Lahore) is looking for Senior Game 3D Animator / 3D Modeler / CG Artists.
 #Online Marketing & Advertisement: home based...   #Note(but first time you have to come must in office AT Lahore)  25 Vacancies  Income Offered: 15,000 to 20,000+ Qualification Required:  Matriculation, intermediate, Graduates, Job holders person's  Duties: Online Social Sites Advertising, Online Marketing, Counseling,Fb add posting online Networking #Educational & Trainings....! 10Vacancies  Income Offered: 20,000 to 30000+ Qualification Required: Intermediate+, graduates, Master's  Office Location: Lahore  Duties: Regular Trainings,  IT Courses, Skill Teaching,motivation  lecture. #To Apply :Candidates Send Their Short CV  (NAME,CURRENT LOCATION, QUALIFICATION, AGE, EMAIL ADDRESS ) on 0310-4980198   (Do Mention the Job title)  #Note: Best For Lahore Candidates. other cities person's can also join home based but Interview  Is Compulsory For Every Position, Even If You Are Applying home based......!!


Kindly share in your circle, You might be the reason someone gets a job :: SALES EXECUTIVE REQUIRED :: :Deadline For Application: 20 Dec 2016 A NUST based IoT (Internet of Things) project is hiring passionate young individuals who want to kick-start their career in Sales and Marketing . Before sending us your CV, kindly review. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Minimum Experience:...   Fresh Graduates with Excellent communication and engagement skills and minimum 1 year relevant experience in technical product sales and marketing.  Knowledge & Skills: • Excellent presentation and negotiation skills • Great in dealing with people in general. • Can handle stressful situation and find a solution to unique problems • Good organizational skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Excellent organizational and time management skills Send your CVs at electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
Hurry up Guys !!! Registrations are Open ! https://ncscliaison.typeform.com/to/XBpXU2 Final date for participant registration is 20th December Just click for Re...gistration. Don't miss this opportunity! #Registrations_Open #Cash_Prizes #Zion '16  #NCSC_EGaming #Al_Qalam #This_New_Years_Eve
Hurry up Guys !!! Registrations are Open ! https://ncscliaison.typeform.com/to/XBpXU2 Final date for participant registration is 20th December Just click for Re...gistration. Don't miss this opportunity! #Registrations_Open #Cash_Prizes #Zion '16  #NCSC_EGaming #Al_Qalam #This_New_Years_Eve
InVogue Sol. is looking for a passionate Unity(2D/3D) game developer. Candidate must have developed at-least 2/3 games for IOS/Android platform. It's a great opportunity! to join emerging startup. Following are some mandatory requirements.  Unity game development experience Excellent Scripting skills  Optimum Game logic and AI abilities... Must know Unity GUI, Asset Bundles, Mameory Management Materials/Shaders, particle system etc Must be able to provide top UI/UX experience Expertise in utilizing foundations of OOP & design pattrens Must participate in all phases of project lifecycle (design, build, test) Must provide links of apps
 - 1-2 years of PHP experience... - Experience of (Zend, CodeIgnitor, CackePHP, or similar frameworks) - Must Have Experience of Open Source Systems Oddo & ERP NEXT (So Should be familiar with Python basics ) - Object-oriented programming - Proficient in JavaScript, Jquery, HTML, CSS (Web technologies) - Proficient in My SQL and other databases - Team player - Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment - Ability to work independently - Ability to solve complex problems - Bachelor's degree


We are hiring Quality Assurance Engineers (2 Fresh). Our team works on Automated SecuityTesting, E2E testing, DevOPs, Jenkins,TDD. Graduates who have good programming skills are encouraged to apply for this job. Send resumes to nabeel.ansar@vizteck.com

- Customer Service Representative(CSR) + Content Writer is required at Techtronix Corp. - Minimum education bachelors is required (experienced or fresh). - Outstanding salary pakage with Insurance and Medical. - Candidate with good communication skills will be preferred.  Those who are willing to apply kindly send their CV's at ayesha.tabassum@techtronix.biz
 Programming Languages & Technologies: PHP, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery. Required Skills: • Bachelors degree in Computer Science • Strong problem-solving and analytical skills and ability to execute actions necessary to achieve goals. • Advanced Experience with MySQL Databases and SQL Queries to investigate issues directly on production data. • Knowledge of programming or scripting languages to help write code needed for processing data required for investigating customer issues. • Excellent communicator, verbal and written skills. • Understanding of software development life cycles. • Flexibility to work flexible hours when required. • Experience with supporting a web-based Saas application is desired, but not required.
https://www.facebook.com/events/1018188071640401/?ti=cl
Hiring Fresh Marketing Graduates for the post of Marketing Specialist vacant at our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD. The ideal candidate must possess excellent communication skills,Good Knowledge of Event Management, Social Media/Online Marketing, Good command on MS Excel & Outlook.  Salary: Market Competitive. (With Benefits) Job Timings : 9pm-6am (Night Shift) Career Level : Entry Level... Apply at: lubnaakbar@enpointe.com (Mention Name of The Post in Subject)
Hiring Fresh BBA/MBA/MS Supply Chain Management candidates for the position of Software Procurement Analyst vacant in our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal candidate must possess excellent communication skills,good IT knowledge of software products,Software licensing, Procurement cycle, Purchase Orders, MS-Office Suite Salary : Market Competitive (with benefits) Job Timings: Night Shift (09pm-06am)... Apply/Refer at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (Mention Name of The post in subject) Note: >Excellent English Communication is a must >BSCS Graduates are also eligible to apply. Only if they are not inclined towards Software Development and are willing to go for Supply Management degree in future >Only relevant candidates will be contacted

We are hiring Fresh & Experienced Graduates at our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD for following positions. 1-Marketing Specialist 2-Business Development Executive. 3-IT Sales Professional.... 4-Presales Analyst 5-Renewal Analyst 6-Travel Desk Administrator 7-Buying Officer. 8-Software Procurement Analyst Degrees Required: BBA/MBA/BSCS/BSIT (Marketing/Supply Chain Management/Commerce) The ideal candidates must possess excellent communication skills, & Good Knowledge MS Office. Note: Bachelors degree is must. They are not programming/HR/Finance related jobs

NUCES alumnus (06 EE) contribution (Rs 62320) to the following fundraising for a little girl , started by a NUCES EE faculty member (sir Aamer Muneer)   (posted without asking for any permission from the contributor)    Target :    Rs 5.4 million  https://web.facebook.com/HelpBismah/?_rdr
Hiring candidates for the post of Service Desk Engineer - Veritas vacant at our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) Ltd  The ideal resource must posses excellent communication skills and 3-5 years of relevant expertise of working on Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange Servers, Net Backup, Storage, Archiving. Candidates with experience of Veritas / Symantec will be preferred Salary: Negotiable (Inclusive of Benefits) Job timings: 8pm-5am (Night Shift)... Apply at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (Mention Name of The Post In Subject)


Registrations are open...!! Register ASAP and Grab your place.

Hello everyone! Due to high demand and an exceptional response for our ambassdor applications, we have decided to extend the deadline till 20th of September. Ap...ply as soon as possible and don't miss this exclusive chance of being a part of the most prestigous event of the year. To be a part of our team please fill the form and register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfDCOmkAr55MO6u1R…/viewform  Ambassador Guide is provided at the following link: https://drive.google.com/…/0B5FAaaziyQfWQk9HWlp2WklMa…/view…
Hello everyone! Due to high demand and an exceptional response for our ambassdor applications, we have decided to extend the deadline till 20th of September. Apply as soon as possible and don't miss this exclusive chance of being a part of the most prestigous event of the year. To be a part of our team please fill the form and register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfDCOmkAr55MO6u1R…/viewform  Ambassador Guide is provided at the following link: https://drive.google.com/…/0B5FAaaziyQfWQk9HWlp2WklMa…/view…
We are hiring Fresh Business Graduates for the position of IT Sales Professional vacant in our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD. The ideal candidate must posses Excellent Communication Skills, Good Knowledge of IT, and MS-Excel.  Degree: BBA/MBA (Marketing).  Location: Islamabad.   Salary: Excellent (With Benefits e.g Family Health Insurance, Life Insurance, Provident Fund, Annual Leaves).  ... Job Timings: 08pm-05am (Night Shift).  Apply at lubnaakbar@enpointe.com

Erasmus Mundus Masters scholarship (PERCCOM) (Applications are open)!! An Erasmus Mundus with scholarship.This call is open from September 1st 2016 to January 10th 2017 (5.00pm CET). An Erasmus Mundus without scholarship.This call is open from March 2nd, 2017 to May 31st, 2017 (5.00pm CET). The Masters Course is open to European and non-European excellent students having acquired a BSc in mathematics, physics, computer sciences, automatic control and related fields.  Bachelor’s degree of at least 180 ECTS in Computer Scie nce, Computer Engineering, Automatic/ Electrical/ Electronic Engineering or Information Technology or a closely related area.
Hiring candidates for the post of Business Analyst vacant in our Islamabad's office of Ovex Technologies (Pvt.) LTD The ideal candidate must posses excellent communication skills along with knowledge of requirement gatherings, press release and technical writing Experience: 1-3 years of working as a Business Analyst Education : BSCS / MBA with a CS or I.T background (preferred)... Salary:Market Competitive (Inclusive of Benefits) Job Timings: 8pm-5am (Night Shift)   Apply at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (Mention Name Of The Post in Subject)
 Ideal candidate should have relevant work experience, high positive energy & excellent English communication skills.    Join us: careers@broadpeak.com
Galxyz Inc. is looking for a young and passionate individual for the position of Jr. QA Associate for its Pakistan office.   Needs to be a good team player and serious about the field of QA.  Experience: Fresh - 1 Year *Candidates with experience in gaming QA will be preferred Interested candidates can send their CVs and cover letters at umais@galxyz.com
 IBG CONSULTING is looking forward to hire an experienced SALES SPECIALIST.   Experience: 2 – 4 years (Business Setup & Closing leads with clients)  Qualification: BBA/MBA in related field ... Location: Islamabad  Salary: Basic Salary + Commission + Allowances, Salary Revision after 6 Months  This is a target based sales oriented job, with very good and timely commission payouts  Note: Must have very good English spoken and communication skills  Skills: Sales (Direct & Indirect) Business consulting Negotiation skills Leadership skills English Communication skills 
AoA. Anyone here wants to do swap from Islamabad to Faisalabad campus??? If anyone interested for swapping and anyone wants money (for his/her semester fee) and anyone who's warning counts are 2 ( His/Her warning removes if he/she changed the campus ) or tag someone who interested for swap plzz contact me....!!!
 A IoT (Internet of Things) based Product Development project is looking for Software Developers for their programming needs. Fresh Graduates are encouraged to apply. Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Minimum Experience:... Fresh Graduates with skills in Java & JavaScript based development with added knowledge in HTML/CSS and PHP Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Computer / Computer Software Engineering (Individuals with Server side programming and NodeJs experience will be preferred) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Has experience with JavaScript and HTML/CSS & PHP • Excellent organization skills • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs before 6th August to electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
 A IoT (Internet of Things) based Product Development project is looking for Software Developers for their programming needs. Fresh Graduates are encouraged to apply. Before sending us your CV, kindly review them. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Minimum Experience:... Fresh Graduates with skills in Java & JavaScript based development with added knowledge in HTML/CSS and PHP Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Computer / Computer Software Engineering (Individuals with Server side programming and NodeJs experience will be preferred) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Has experience with JavaScript and HTML/CSS & PHP • Excellent organization skills • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs before 6th August to electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
Urgently hiring some experienced candidates for the position of TAC Engineer (Cloud Computing) for our Islamabad's office of Ovex The ideal candidate must possess excellent communication skills, alongwith an experience of 2-4 years in  Level 1, 2 Network /NOC support, DNS, Firewalls, Cloud Computing, VMs, KVMs   Salary: Market Competitive(with benefits)  Job Timings: 8pm-5am (night shift) Apply at: mehtisham@enpointe.com (mention name of the post in subject) Only relevant candidates will be contacted
Immediate Opening: Technical marketing lead is required for US healthcare industry. Interested candidates may send your CV at zahid.ali@seecs.edu.pk Partnerships with EMR/EHR Vendors, Plan, execute and manage Provider/Patient engagement strategies, Email marketing, Website content writing, Social media marketing. Lead generation. Designing and developing partner/provider/patient marketing content. Ability to understand user’s functional requirements and document via user screens, working with development team for prioritizing dev efforts. HTML5/CSS/Javascript/Photoshop/UI/UX design. Prior inside sales experience, Consumer focused product/solution marketing, Vendor relationships expertise is required.
This can be your first step towards learning video game design & development techniques, production process and much more. Learn from industry professionals and mentors from international Industry. Apply before 8th August!
To all who wants to pursue career as a 2D game artist can learn the strongest foundation of 2D visual art & animation by first understanding the essential, values, forms, and lighting - as well as the software through which you will create. Follow our Learning Flow and start giving shape to your imagination with our following course: **We have limited scholarships fro women and deserving students, Please Apply before deadline 8th Aug!
Whats was the merit for cs last year ?
Guys ! What about MS(CS) of FAST ???  Is it worthy as BS(CS) ?? Please Guide me Because I have selected in ISB Campus for MS(CS) ...
Any one tell me tha merit of cs in islamabad campus
Anyone wants to transfer from Fast Isb to Fast Fsd campus due to any reason?  Contact.
Hello. Are there any good hostels near  "FAST ISB" also what are the average charges?

 Net, C#, Azure Mobile/App Services, Fabric, Notification, Authentication services, Media Services,... In-memory database, MongoDB, Cache, very Strong Stored Procedures, Data base designing and database management, Shell scripting, Strong SQL, HTML5,CSS, jQuery, Javascript, Azure platform maintenance,Bitbucket, web API, REST APIs, Web development. Notification, messaging, chat, audio/video streaming  Share your profile at zahid.ali@seecs.edu.pk by mentioning Title of Job in Subject of email. 
 Post: Sales Executive/TeleSalesofficer


https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSd4Yx-koYf6WXJPb…/viewform…
Hi , why is there NO Sample or Past paper of NU (FAST) entry test? If someone has it or something similar to it , please provide.  I just applied for FAST - NU-CS test and I can find absolutely no information about the questions or the type of material that the test contains. If anyone has experienced the test , please share some information about it. Thanks :)
Call for Ambassadors! A chance to be affiliated with United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) and be a part of the 1st International BGT confe...rence in Pakistan by working alongside the core team. Register yourselves here: https://docs.google.com/…/1-YMs8Sq_yGu7faUs3fs9aH…/viewform…
Call for Ambassadors extended deadline: 17th July 2016  Hurry up and become part of one of the most exciting IT event, ITEC !   External Brand Ambassador form link: https://docs.google.com/…/1_v-PMuUxa7ZRp6Xmh9GOVNT…/viewform Internal Brand Ambassador form link: https://docs.google.com/…/1mWqiQzz6k9c4PSD3kCJ0Sts…/viewform
Hi guys :) I have 2 questions. 1.With 75% aggregate , can I get admission in CS Engineering? 2. When do classes of CS Engg start? I just applied 2 days ago for admission.
Anyone who can help my regarding entry test?
AOA!   Fast ki date aaj guzar gyi jis ka mjh aaj pta chla tha, koi tareeka he k me apply kar doo Fast me..
Job opportunities HR manager Marketing Staff Accountant Urdu Teacher... Female Receptionist  limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/
Position Title: Recruitment Executive Company: Career Pakistan Sector: HR Company type: Recruitment Company (Executive Search/Headhunting Company) Location: Career Pakistan office at Islamabad, Pakistan... Salary: 22K (fast paced compensation plan with quaterly increments based  on performance) Essential Requirements: (Recruitment Executive) -- Fresh graduate of Bachelor's/Master's program in HR Other Skills: -- Excellent written/verbal communication skills (in English) -- Excellent research skills -- Aptitude of hard work -- Pleasant personality/good interpersonal communication skills -- High GPA preferred, but not required. (If you have a high GPA, please mention it in your CV). -- A-level schooling or overseas schooling preferred, but not required. (If you have either, please mention it in your CV). How to Apply: 1 -- Please fill this form:http://goo.gl/forms/9bvupdcfrV 2 -- Please email your CV to staffrec@careerpakistan.org with your name and "Recruitment Executive" in the subject heading of your email.
Position Title: Recruitment Executive Company: Career Pakistan Sector: HR Company type: Recruitment Company (Executive Search/Headhunting Company) Location: Career Pakistan office at Islamabad, Pakistan... Salary: 22K Essential Requirements: (Recruitment Executive) -- Fresh graduate of Bachelor's/Master's program in HR Other Skills: -- Excellent written/verbal communication skills (in English) -- Excellent research skills -- Aptitude of hard work -- Pleasant personality/good interpersonal communication skills -- High GPA preferred, but not required. (If you have a high GPA, please mention it in your CV). -- A-level schooling or overseas schooling preferred, but not required. (If you have either, please mention it in your CV). How to Apply: 1 -- Please fill this form:http://goo.gl/forms/9bvupdcfrV 2 -- Please email your CV tostaffrec@careerpakistan.org with your name and "Recruitment Executive" in the subject heading of your email.
Last chance to avail an opportunity. Two international certifications only in 15,000/PKR. IOSH managing safely and Fire safety. Schedule: 21st june- 23rd june 2016. Location: Islamabad & Lahore.... Another bunch of international courses only in 66,000/PKR NEBOSH IGC, Medic first aid, Risk assessment and Fire safety. Schedule: 27th june-  6th july 2016. Location: Islamabad & Lahore. Contact @ 0300 0224677 for registrations.
Job Opportunities: 1. accountant 2. Coordinator 3. Urdu Teacher Only female... limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/
Job Opportunities: 1. accountant 2. Coordinator 3. Urdu Teacher Only female... limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/
Job Opportunities: 1. accountant 2. Coordinator 3. Urdu Teacher Only female... limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/
Job Opportunities: 1. accountant 2. Coordinator 3. Urdu Teacher Only female... limited seats Like and share for more opportunities: https://www.facebook.com/webridgepakistan/


Can I apply for air University with Nts result
Internship opportunity for students who wish to work on bio-medical oriented projects. Interested candidates should send their resumes as soon as possible to the email-id mentioned in the poster.
Dear All, Eveati (Pvt.) Limited (www.eveati.com) needs paid internees for different fields. Females are encouraged to apply. This internship might lead to permanent job depending upon performance. Requirements: Expertise in one or more than one tools/ languages mentioned below: Solidworks, Pro-e, Ansys ... OMNeT++, ns-3 C, C++, C#, VB SPSS, R JavaScript, Python, ASP.NET, MySql Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator > Excellent English speaking and writing skills > Can- do attitude > Ambitious to learn and work on new things You can also apply for unpaid internship if you are a newbie and want to learn these tools/ languages. Our office is in Cubator1, Comsats University, ChakShehzad, Islamabad, so only apply if you don't have any transport problem.  Timings for paid internees are 9:00 am to 5:00pm (Monday-Friday) You can send your updated CVs at careers.eveati@gmail.com and cc to careers@eveati.com Please clearly mention your expertise in subject of mail Sample subject:  1-Applying for paid internship in C, C#, Python, MySql 2-Applying for unpaid internship in MATLAB/ Simulink Contact: +925187313856

ICEPT offers the following courses in the months of July, August and September. Please register at http://iceptonline.com or call us at 0331-44-42378.
Can anyone tell me about ist uni and it's fee structure


 Minimum Experience:   Fresh ...Graduates with Excellent skills and minimum 1 year relevant experience in application and user interface development. Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Electrical /Computer Engineering • Master’s degree (added advantage) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Excellent organization skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs before 3rd June to electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
 Minimum Experience:   Fresh ...Graduates with Excellent skills and minimum 1 year relevant experience in application and user interface development. Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Electrical /Computer Engineering • Master’s degree (added advantage) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating mobile application and web based systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Application level programming paradigms. • Excellent organization skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs before 3rd June to electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com

All the Graduating batches of High Schools , Colleges and Universities ! Something amazingly exciting coming your way on June 3rd , 2016.  Reserve your passes asap ! https://www.facebook.com/events/232535540460314/ For passes/Reservations Contact 03325464024 | 03449996996 | 03235320001... For Reservations/ University Ambassador Registration  http://goo.gl/forms/HU47LbMSQA
Hello everyone! We are hosting this event to screen GDC Talks and Tutorials about Video Games Development, Its a wonderful opportunity for learning and networking in game industry! We are hosting it at a wonderful place CASA ROUGE and have limited space. Fill out this form to reserve your seat: http://goo.gl/forms/mb6aZSiGC5


Aurora Solutions is looking for a UI/UX Engineer for their Islamabad office having the following expertise: 2. Should have a good understanding of the platforms on which the UI design is to be done like Photoshop. 3. Should have a good understanding of the platforms on which the UI development is to be done like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and responsive UI frameworks like Foundation, Bootstrap etc. 5. Should have worked with marketing directors, engineers, CEOs and account managers. This should build and understanding on how to present ideas to different teams while speaking their language clearly and concisely. Those who are interested can apply at hr@aurorasolutions.io
 Interested candidates please mail their CVs with job title in subject line at jobs@evampsaanga.com.  Word Press Developer(1-3 years experience)... Drupal Developer (1-3 years experience) SEO/SEM specialist (1-3 years experience) Linux administrator (1-3 years experience) Java Developer J2EE (1-3 years experience) Front End Developer (1-3 years experience) Graphic Designer Intern. Marketing Intern.
 OR Pre-Book On this Google Form so that we contact you ourselves! http://goo.gl/forms/so0urmDhjB Tickets are also available at:  Gloria Jeans I-8 Markaz Islamabad Chai Chowk Sector F-11 Markaz Islamabad Nutella Spot Sector F-11 Markaz Islamabad Event Venue Bluez, Golden Heights Basement F-11 Markaz Islamabad  Satellite Town Rawalpindi [on call] Bahria Town Phase 1-9 [on call] University Ambassadors [details on https://www.facebook.com/events/1706039036335568/]

Summer internship program VR Hiring (Pvt.) Ltd. is offering 3 months paid internship program in telemarketing/HR/Sales. Interested candidates may send your resu...mes to careers@vrhiring.com. mention job title in subject line.
 Umair Jaliawala is an inspirational and motivational trainer, who excels in developing teamwork and communication ...skills in his often spellbound audience. He heads the School of Leadership as CEO and conducts multiple youth training conferences, including the renowned Young Leaders Conference. He has worked extensively with the youth and academia through conferences, workshops, and various other customized programs, empowering his audience with the confidence to go beyond their self created threshold. His simulating talks and exercises run along the lines of business, religion, philosophy, and psychology. NLS ’16 is honored to have an exemplary trainer such as himself on board. Register now to secure your spot: http://goo.gl/forms/xm8j6SwtMa

 Counselling Pro is an amiable duo founded and run by two enthusiastic guys, Nauman and Hassan. Young and upbeat as ...they are, they are often spotted spreading positivity and self confidence among the youth of Pakistan, on multiple platforms. They have reached out to numerous young people and provided counseling regarding a wide sphere of fields, including professional development, career counseling, leadership development, and entrepreneurship. Nauman being a seasoned professional trainer of multinational companies and Hassan being a staunch believer of the power of youth in academia are coming to NLS ‘16 to set the stage for a talk that is going to shift the youth’s paradigm of ‘hard work’ to ‘smart work’. Get registered and confirm your place! http://goo.gl/forms/xm8j6SwtMa
 The candidate must possess the following: 1. Hands on experience in Grails/Spring and JavaScript.... 2. Should be skilled in more than one language or area like (e.g. Java for back end and AngularJS for front-end).  3. Good understanding of the principles of software development and best design practices.  4. Ability to write unit and integration tests for all the code written.  5. Practical knowledge of a unit testing framework like JUnit, NUnit or TestNG is preferred. 6. Should have the ability to learn new technologies on demand and work on an unrelated technology with minimal guidance. Educational Details Required: At least Bachelor's degree in Computer Sciences. To apply, please send your CV at hr@aurorasolutions.io
 Job Responsibilities: - Develop a good understanding and business knowledge of the software. - Write test cases (both automated and manual) for new user stories added to the system.... - Setting up and working with different development environments for API testing. - Find and report bugs in the software. - Interpret software documentation (requirements, workflows, functional analyses and designs) and understand the concepts. Raise issues and loopholes and develop test plans. - Plan and collaborate testing activities for releases with colleagues working from different parts of the world. Educational Details Required:  At least Bachelor's degree in Computer Sciences. Kindly apply with your CV at hr@aurorasolutions.io Check details at: 






 If you like to test your skills and get hands on experience in the job market, apply for "Business Development & Marketing Intern" post at Aurora Solutions (www.aurorasolutions.io), Islamabad. Requirements:... The Business Development & Marketing Intern will have a unique opportunity to help shape the marketing strategy of new program areas and campaigns and be exposed to a higher level of responsibility than at a typical organization, taking ownership of sponsorship outreach and development. 1. Market mapping, penetration planning and execution. 2. Engaging new and potential audience in new markets. Looking for new partnership opportunities. 3. Developing a good understanding the different web and mobile based software and demonstrating the use cases to prospective customers in an articulate way. 4. Setting up meetings and demonstrations with prospective clients. 5. Product selling to the target audience. 6. Help to shape the market strategy and sales activities for the products in charge. 7. Updating information and keeping live feeds on the social media pages of the company. 8. Looking for opportunities to present the product to mass audience at conferences and gatherings. Those who are pursuing or are done with their BBA/MBA with marketing as their core field, can apply at hr@aurorasolutions.io . This vacancy is Islamabad based and will be of 6-8 weeks time. The total work required will be of 20 hours/week. Details at: http://www.aurorasolutions.io/jobs-post/marketing-intern/
 https://www.facebook.com/events/564382013730766/

 The ideal candidate should have the following skills:  - Efficient problem solving  - Excellent written and verbal communication skills  - Self motivated, confident & a positive team player At TxLabz we love to have fun while doing mobile apps and games design and development along with web dev/designing and digital marketing. If you are looking to be part of a team who is always up to some challenging work and willing to learn something new, don't wait! Send in your CV at hr@txlabz.com  We look forward to working with you. Please mention the open position title in your email subject while sending in your CV.

BroadpeakIT has become one of Pakistan’s Leading IT Company that rapidly established it’s footprint in providing IT services to the franchise and retail industry. We are looking to hire Software Engineers (Web + Desktop) for our Islamabad Office. Exp: 3-7 yrs. Job Worth: Market Competitive Salary + Health Insurance + Quarterly Bonus + EOBI + Leaves Encashment + Paid Time Off + Employee recognition + Effective training and development programs + Recreational activities. Interested Candidates can apply at careers@broadpeakit.com
http://www.educationplus.com.pk/hec-announces-universities…/
Study In Malaysia-On Spot Admissions & Information Seminar-Asia Pacific University-APU Meet Mr. Shozab Abbas from Asia Pacific University Foundation/Bachelors / Masters Courses are Available / Degree Transfer Options Available in Bachelors Degree Get UK Degree While Studying in Malaysia Pay Tuition Fee After Visa Approval... Date: 14th March 2016 (Monday) Time: 03:00 Pm to 06:00 PM Venue: Office No 506, 5th Floor, Ibrahim Trade Tower, Main Sharah-e-Faisal, Above Habib Bank Limited, Karachi-75350 Pakistan Contact : 021-34321916-17 & 0321-8785008-0300-820288



 Last date: 20th of march 1) Open the following link... 2) Click vote and then sign up new account 3) Provide your details and then check your mail and click confirm then open this link ( https://scholarship.coca-cola.com/pk/ideas#id1758 ) and please click vote. 4) Then submit your business idea and win coca-cola scholership 2016
 Marketing Executive (exp. 1-2 years)   Project Managing Officer (exp.1-2 years)   SEO/SEM (exp. 1-2 years)   Graphic Designer (exp. 1-2 years)   Linux Administrator (exp. 1-2 years)   Level 2 Support Engineer (exp. 2+ years)   Front End Developer (exp. 1-2 years)  Android Developer (exp.1+)  Ios Developer (Exp. 1+) 
We are looking for Creative lead for our marketing Division in Islamabad!
Find the Meaning of your existence.  Get an amazing networking opportunities.  Get hands on work experience filled with adventure and Fun.  https://docs.google.com/…/1IlK2UKplY3sXzv4Mz5z8HU…/viewform…
The National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences has the honor of being the first multi-campus private sector university set up under the Federal Charter granted by Ordinance No.XXIII of 2000, dated July 01, 2000.  The University started with an impressive advantage in that, thanks to the selfless, ceaseless and imaginative efforts of the Foundation FAST, it inherited five first rate computer science institutes located at Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad,Faisalabad and Pesha...war in prestigious settings.  These institutes, individually as well as collectively, have established leadership position due to the splendid vision of an enlightened management and tireless efforts of a highly qualified faculty. Over the years FAST has become the hallmark of excellence in academic arena, domestic market and international community. NUCES FAST has five campuses located in Islamabad,Lahore,Karachi,Faisalabad and Peshawar and every year it strengthens our motherland's backbone by providing it with fresh competitive graduates who have the courage and ability of leading this nation into a new era of technology

Challenging, intuitive and electrifying; SOFTEC ’16 has once again opened the platform for all the keen programmers out there to test their limits and showcase ...their talents.  Visit www.softecnu.org for details. Register, participate, grab a chance to win PKR 50,000/- and be recognized at the best of IT festivals. Limited Seats Available!   




 1. Strong skills in .NET. 5+ years of software development experience in C#, ASP.NET or ASP MVC... 2. Experience with Azure 3. Building the frontend systems using AngularJS frameworks (Knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript-based build systems such as Grunt and Gulp) 4. Good understanding of the principles of a REST API. You should have experience on how to design and develop a secure REST API.  5. Experience with a unit testing framework like NUnit. 6. Good knowledge of modern software Design Patterns.  7. Knowledge of a distributed version control system (like Git), Project Management tool (like Jira) and build pipeline automation (using Jenkins, gocd etc.).  1. At least a BS (CS) degree 2. 5+ years of experience 3. Job is based in Islamabad, but will require travel. This job will close its CV search on 3rd March, 2016. Kindly send CVs before this date at hr@aurorasolutions.io Visit website for details: http://www.aurorasolutions.io/jobs-po…/senior-net-developer/

 Features: 1. One to one consultation with registered Australian education and migration consultants  2. 50% discount on consultancy fee... 3. Fee migration assessment  4. Scholarships
Looking for a Junior QA Specialist: Aurora Solutions is hiring for the post of "Junior QA Specialist", with the following requirements: 1. Basic knowledge of QA 2. Experience and practical know how of automated testing and Selenium web driver technology 3. Good communication skills... This is an urgent hiring. Interested candidates can send their CVs at hr@aurorasolutions.io Please visit our website www.aurorasolutions.io for more details.


Discover your potential through Inkompass's internship, an experience second to none! Grab the opportunity to be ahead of your peers, apply now! To apply, visit https://goo.gl/O5aH7U

We believe that no one fall in love with an idea until they visualize it, therefore the graphics of event is getting disclose so that the one who didn't grab ou...r idea can easily do it . . . so here it comes !!

Attention Please I hope you are all fine i'm student of computer science i want to make final project in field of Artificial intellegence or any Voice recognization like projects please suggest me some projects for final year projects
:: ELECTROMECHANICAL SYSTEM DESIGN ENGINEER REQUIRED :: A NUST based IoT (Internet of Things) Research and Product Development project is looking for passionate young individuals who want to kick-start their career in Product Design & Development. Before sending us your CV, kindly review. Add the relevant experience/ projects that you might have done. Remove any unnecessary details. Generic CVs will be discarded. Minimum Experience:   Fresh Graduates with Excellent skills and... minimum 1 year relevant experience in technical product development  Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree preferably Mechatronics Engineering. • Master’s degree (added advantage) Knowledge & Skills: • High level of understanding of technology and industry. • Passionate about creating product level electromechanical systems. • Demonstrable experience and understanding of Electromechanical Systems design. • Should be familiar with mechanical and CAD design suits • Be able to use existing industrial processes for rapid prototyping to finished level product design • Excellent organization skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Urdu) • Good presentation and negotiation skills • Good organizational and time management skills Send your CVs at electronics.cv.nust@gmail.com
Hello everyone! join the world's biggest game Jam "Global Game Jam 2016" in Pakistan from 29th to 31st January! Game Developers, artist and Testers can apply! View more details on following, inbox us in case of any querry: Main Site:http://globalgamejam.org/2…/jam-sites/pga-global-game-jam-pk Twitter: @PixelartGA  PixelArt Games Academy https://www.facebook.com/events/1076735772379208/

Get yourself Registered ASAP, as we have limited slots available. For Registration: Step 1:  Register yourself and your team online by clicking on the following link: http://goo.gl/forms/HWkewxn0Fz... Step 2: The registration fee of PKR.3000 per participant may be paid via the mentioned ways in the liaison package:  https://drive.google.com/open… Step 3:  You are required to post the following documents: (Address mentioned in the liaison package) a) Copy of CNIC/Student ID card of all team members  d) Bank Draft/receipt of online payment A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive all the mentioned documents, and after your successful registration. Still confused? Call us on any of the mentioned contact numbers on the poster OR send us a message on this page OR email us at sciencesociety.giki@gmail.com

 Registrations opening soon! Stay tuned at: www.softecnu.org
 We are looking for a strong profile of a full stack developer with extensive experience of working in Java, JS, design and develop a secure REST API, have experience building production grade systems using JavaScript frameworks (AngularJS, Ember, etc.).  Interested candidates can send their CVs at hr@aurorasolutions.io / join@aurorasolutions.io

 Here is your chance to be part of the biggest event of FAST. Apply for the lodging department. Last date to apply: 24-01-16 i.e Sunday https://docs.google.com/…/1h9w6kxOepxNbMvJM19PitUH…/viewform

If you believe that your project is truly a premiere innovation that can leverage and enhance the world so your logics collectively with your ideas and innovations are warmly welcomed – comBat’16
We believe that no one fall in love with an idea until they visualize it, therefore the graphics of event is getting disclose so that the one who didn't grab ou...r idea can easily do it . . . so here it comes !!



The competition always proves to be tough leaving everyone at the edge of their seats. Do you have what it takes to be the champion?
comBat is ready to set an arena where a fast mapping brain and competitiveness is all you need to be next Alan Turing of your time in designing. We present to you the competition with innovative and creative objectives inside you-Graphics Designing
JOB OPPORTUNITY: Analyst Software Engineers required for a leading data-driven communication company in Pakistan on urgent basis. Market competitive salary. Challenging work environment. Apply below.

Createch Global Solutions Pvt Ltd is Looking for CV's for Following Position for their Saudi Partner Company " Business Development Executive Position For IT & Digital Agency " Location: Riyadh , Saudia Requirements: - Minimum Bachelor's Degree... - Excellent Communication Skills - Must have some B2b Sales Experience - Must be ready to relocate to Saudia - Must have some knowledge regarding Software Related Technologies Including Web Development , Software Development , Mobile Applications & Cloud Based technologies . - Experience: 0.5 -1 yr atleast Responsibilities: - Visit Client and Generate Leads - Understand Client's need and communicate with Development team - Execute & Manage Client's Project Benefits: Salary : Rs.125,000- Rs.150,000 Company Car Bachelor's Accommodation Medical  Yearly Return Ticket to home Please fill form Below to Apply :
Discrete isn't being offered this semester? >.>

 Interns can write blogs related to Business, IT, Sports and Social issues. They could also write reviews on TV commercials and advertising campaigns. Minimum words are 300 and maximum words are 800 for a blog. Interns can write any time by the comfort of their homes. By the end of internship, interns should have written at least 20 blogs for our website. This is not a paid Internship. Interns will be provided Internship Certificate via TCS. Job Specification: Write quality articles/ blogs with 0% plagiarism. Great grip on written English. Deliver high level of vocabulary and grammar. Pick latest internet/Google trends. Interested ones should send their resumes along with their sample blog at careers@karobarilog.com Do write "Internship" in Subject. We do not entertain applications without subject.
Current: Technical and Business Writing CS-B Required: CS-C
Swapper required: Current: Technical and Business Writing CS-B Required: C,D, or E
Post
The Merit for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS have been announced  for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results. For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk
Important Announcement! The Declaration of Selected/Test Qualified Candidates for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS will be announced on 5th August (Wednesday) at 11:00 PM. For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk



 As you all know, this pandemic has changed the lives of many people. A widowed lady has requested us for help to pay her gas bill. She is a single parent and has two children. She is also in need of monthly ration support for her children. We request all of you to please donate and help us resolve this case. We need a total of Rs.15000 for the family to pay their bill and to provide them food support for 2 months. Team "THEN Foundation Lahore" is administrating this whole case. Feel free to inbox us for any query. Kind Regards Team THEN.
#FAST_Admissions_2020 Guys !! Only one Day to Go . Hurry up !! Be Quick in applying for #Top_CS university of Pakistan . The deadline for Online Application Sub...missions is #30_July_2020 . There will be  #No_Registration_Fee and #No_Admission_Test for FALL Admissions 2020 in Non-Engineering UnderGrad Programs . There will be Admission Test for Engineering Programs and Post-Graduate Programs . Do apply Today !! No Late !! No Delay !! Link : www.nu.edu.pk
FAST School of Management invites you all to join a Virtual Open House (Facebook Live Session) for MBA Program offered for Relevant Degree Graduates (BBA, BSAF ...etc.) and Non-Relevant Degrees Graduates (BSCS, BSEE, etc.) The Programs Coordinators and Senior Faculty Members are looking forward to answering all your questions/ambiguities.
Virtual Open House of Electrical Engineering Department for Bachelors, Masters and PhD Programs Admissions fall 2020. To apply now visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/ For queries reach us via inbox or email us as at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk
Virtual Open House of FAST School of Management for MBA  Program offered for Relevant Degree Graduates (BBA, BSAF etc.) and Non-Relevant Degrees Graduates (BSCS, BSEE, etc.) To apply now visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/ For queries reach us via inbox or email us as fsmlhr@nu.edu.pk
Virtual Open House of FAST School of Management for MBA  Program offered for Relevant Degree Graduates (BBA, BSAF etc.) and Non-Relevant Degrees Graduates (BSCS, BSEE, etc.) To apply now visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/ For queries reach us via inbox or email us as fsmlhr@nu.edu.pk
Virtual Open House (Facebook Live Session) of Department of Science & Humanities by Senior Faculty Members (Mathematics) are looking forward to answering all your questions/ambiguities.
Virtual Open House (Facebook Live Session) of Department of Science & Humanities by Senior Faculty Members (Mathematics) are looking forward to answering all your questions/ambiguities.
 Senior Faculty Members (Mathematics) are looking forward to answering all your questions/ambiguities. Mark your calendars! 26th July 2020 (Sunday) 05:30 PM
Our admission for fall 2020 are now open. Visit our website for more information: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/  Last Date to apply is 30th July 2020, so hurry!
Virtual Open House of FAST School of Management for Bachelors, Masters and PhD Programs - Admissions Fall 2020. To apply now visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/

The BBA structure at FAST keeps in mind the dynamically changing work environment and the demanding need for all-rounded employees. Join the BBA program to be f...ully prepared to put your best foot forward in the job world. To more information visit:  http://nu.edu.pk/Program/BBA To Apply now visit:  http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/
Our admission for fall 2020 are now open. Visit our website for more information: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/  Last Date to apply is 30th July 2020, so hurry!
 To apply online visit: http://bit.ly/FASTNUApplyNow Last date to apply: 30th July, 2020 Please note: There will be NO Admission Test and NO Application Fee for bachelor programs. #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #AdmissionsFall2020 #Admissions2020 #AdmissionsOpen #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
Bachelors of Business Administration (BBA) at FAST School of Management promises higher level employ-ability at the entry level of management profession by help...ing them excel in professional and personal development. For more details, visit: bit.ly/fsmlhr2020 Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #FSMLhr #BBA
Virtual Open House: BBA & BS(A&F) at FAST School of Management for Admissions Fall 2020. To apply now visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/
Virtual Open House: BBA & BS(A&F) at FAST School of Management for Admissions Fall 2020. To apply now visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/
Facebook Live! Virtual Open House: BBA & BS(A&F) at FAST School of Management by senior faculty members and program coordinators. Time: 2:00 PM

Masters of Business Administration (MBA) at FAST School of Management is suitable for fresh graduates, experienced and working professionals with 16 years of ed...ucation.  Students with business degrees (BBA, BS-AF, BS-Business etc.) as well as non-business degrees (e.g. BS Engineering, BS, MA, etc.) are encouraged to apply. Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020
Department of Electrical Engineering at FAST NUCES Lahore delivers quality engineering education through dedication to teaching by developing state of the art c...urriculum, grounded in scientific. For more details, visit https://bit.ly/Lhr-EE Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #ElectricalEngineering #EE #BSEE #MSEE
FAST School of Management offers Bachelors. Masters and PhD programs that intend to produce managers and business administrators to face multi-dimensional and c...omplex real-life business problems.  For more details, visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/fsm/ Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #FSMLhr #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
Department of Computer Science at FAST NUCES Lahore offers well structured programs that equips the students with technical knowledge and develop understandings... of the industries and its challenges. For more details, visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/cs/ Apply at: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Last date: 30 July, 2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #ComputerScience #BSCS #MSCS
REVISED Admission Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, the...re will be no Admission Test for bachelor programs this year. To apply online, please visit: https://bit.ly/AdmissionsOpen2020 Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
FAST NUCES Lahore offers following PhD programs. It provides high quality education to its students for their respective desired fields with highly qualified fa...culty.
FAST School of management through its PhD program provides high quality management education to business scholars. For more details inbox us or visit http://lhr.nu.edu.pk/
FAST NUCES Lahore with its wide range of graduate programs enables students to explore new avenues in their desired fields and learn to counter emerging challen...ges of academia and industry.
FAST NUCES Lahore is equipped with highly qualified faculty, that strives to provide a rich learning environment to the undergraduate students. 
FAST NUCES Lahore offers a number of programs for students and aims to shape them into visionary leaders and world-class professionals.
Admissions Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been announced. In view of the unexpected situation created by COVID-19, a revised admission policy for 2020 shall be announced on June 1, 2020.
For updates follow the following page
To all the super moms out there! Even though this Mother’s day is different all the more reason to celebrate you. We are so thankful for you! #HappyMothersDay2020 #MothersDay

Fasting is a shield; so when one of you is fasting he should neither indulge in obscene language nor should he raise his voice in anger. If someone attacks him or insults him, let him say: “I am fasting!”
When Ramadan enters, the gates of Paradise are opened, the gates of Hellfire are closed and the devils are chained.” (Al-Bukhari and Muslim)


 It aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any further. The public has been facing a tough time deciding for themselves how to counter the situation and chaos has been observed. The myths have been mixed with facts, and the public seems to be ignorant about what should be done next. The scope of this project is also to cover and analyze the sentiments of the public towards the issue and counter the myths
Dear Students, Please note that the online classes will continue as per the timetable. Kindly take care of your classes and be in close contact with your instru...ctors through google Classroom/ google meet. The details of policy decisions regarding the academic schedule of the current semester will be shared with you through email very soon.

The virus doesn't move, people move it. We stop moving, the virus stops, it dies, it's that simple. #SocialDistancing is the only way to keep safe - follow what is being said for yourself & others.

 As per the directives of Govt. Lahore Campus will remain closed till 5th April 2020 for Students, Faculty & Staff. The University has pl...anned to conduct classes online. For which, you will receive an email from your HoD office containing all the details soon.  Students are requested to regularly check their university email for updates.


You’ve got the invitation? Have you got the right address and dates? That's right, the DramaFest team eagerly awaits your arrival at FAST NUCES Lahore on 7th an...d 8th March 2020.  Don't miss out on this university's greatest event. DROP EVERYTHING & DANCE because there are JUST 5 DAYS TO GO.💃🏻


At FAST NUCES Lahore, we invest in knowledge and opportunity that strains to stand out in the crowd while outshining in your respective field. 




 #fatimagroup #recruitmentdrive2020 #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Lahore #empowertolead #E2L2020 #MBA #BSCS
We warmly welcome our students back to FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Spring 2020. We hope you all had a pleasant and cozy winters and are as excited as we are about the new semester.
We at FAST NUCES Lahore enable our students to strengthen themselves with dedication and hard work towards achieving their carrier paths.
Our well-structured programs at the Civil Engineering Department equips students with engineering skills to design, create and improve. 
At FAST School of Management, we prepare our students to always stay ahead and become visionary in their respective disciplines.
Important Announcement! Registration dates of the Spring 2020 Semester for students have been announced. All students are advised to follow registration and fee payment deadlines strictly.


 or you can grab them online from www.eticketing.pk/osaf
MS & PhD Admissions, now open at FAST NUCES Lahore campus. The last date to apply is December 20, 2019.  Full-time students are encouraged to apply. ... For eligibility criteria and other information visit admissions.nu.edu.pk

Wishing you an ocean of good luck and success in your upcoming exams. May good luck follow you throughout the exams. You are destined to pass this exam with flying colors. #BestOfLuck #FinalExams #FASTNU #FASTNUCESLHR










Highly Skilled Faculty of Civil Department at FAST NUCES Lahore yields outstanding civil engineers who are prepared to outperform in the contemporary industry.



Through industry projects and learning opportunities, FAST NUCES Lahore allows its students to unleash their potential to make Real-World Impact in their desired fields. 

We wish you all the best of luck with your Midterms. Go forth and ace your exams.  #FASTNUCESLHR #AllTheBest #Midterm1 #AceYourExams



FAST National University Lahore Campus is a top-notch institution known for its academic excellence. We aim to produce future thinkers, and innovators in order ...to shape the future of the nation and humanity through high-quality education and research.  Our highly intellectual faculty strives to develop a nurturing environment for delivering quality education through discovery by developing state of the art curriculum, grounded in scientific, and technical knowledge that emphasizes practical applications and provides opportunities for hands-on experience. FAST NUCES Lahore Campus has maintained its traditions of developing highly competent graduates with sound knowledge, social responsibility, and lifelong learning skills that has enabled them for successful careers.



We are excited to welcome Batch 2019 to FAST NUCES Lahore. Our campus is energized by your arrival, and eager for the many opportunities the new year will bring.... We look forward to watching your talents and creativity flourish during your time with us.
 We hope you all had a pleasant and invigorating summer and are as excited as we are about the new semester.
The Groundbreaking Ceremony of New Building Block at FAST NUCES Lahore was inaugurated by the honorable guest Dr. Rafique Ahmad (Member of Board of Governors of... FAST, Member of Board of Trustees of University & Vice Chairman Nazaria-i-Pakistan Trust) and Mr. Rana Ghulam Shabbir (Secretary-General FAST, Sitar-i-Imtiaz & Tamgha-e-Quaid-e-Azam) alongside Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and faculty members
FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science warmly welcomes its BS(CS) students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations for BS(CS) Batch 2019.



FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science warmly welcomes its MS students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations Day of MS(CS)/DS/SPM Batch 2019. 
Congratulations to you all for securing Admission in FAST NUCES Lahore Campus.  Now its time to start off your Journey. The Orientation Day for MS(CS)/DS/SPM Ba...tch 2019 will be held on 6th August 2019 (Tuesday) at 10:00 AM. For more details call our helpline 042 111 128 128 or email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk
 The big day is just around the corner.  The 59th Convocation of Graduating Batch at FAST NUCES Lahore campus will be held on 8th... August 2019.

All latest News and updates regarding FAST NUCES Lahoer Campus
all latest News and updates regarding FAST NUCES Lahoer Campus


Post

Kindly fill this form. It is required to ease the admission process of FAST University for the upcoming batches.
Mam asma se assignment ka time extend krwain oya assignmnt conditions reduce krwain ? Aur class me sab monday ko bolen ge ..... Ye non credit course ha abhi baki courses ki bh assignmnts bnani hai aur time kam ha... Ek hafte bad mid start ho jane ...kia sirf assignmnts bnate rahe ?....




kisi k pass topics name likhy hun stats k jo hum nain  cover krleye till now please share



Is there anyone whose group is not formed?  Kindly, contact if you want to work on a healthcare related problem.

Are we gonna have on campus class from today?
Data science and tools ke term project ka koi reference proposal dea hae sir ne??
Time Table Changed Again  Monday - (DS Tools (9:30 to 11), AP (12:30 to 3:30, Stat and Math (3:30 to 5) Wednesday - (DS Tools (9:30 to 11), Stat and Math (3:30 to 5) Friday - AIP (8 to 11)



What are the timings of statistical methods’ class on monday?
Guys we are a group of 4 people and we need 2 people who are good at documentation.  I will do the programming thing but I am not so good at documentation and we need people whoa re up for it. So if someone wants to get in for that please ping me. We have decided the projects proposal is left. Also I will make sure I take you through the coding as well. Let me know about your thoughts.






 As everyone knows that Wednesday is totally a Jam-Packed day as the one's who are in regular semester have classes from 9:30AM-5:00PM. So many of the group members were suggesting to come at campus by tomorrow.



Has anyone else got email regarding Affidavit and credentials of flex, slate, SQL localhost IP and many other instructions? It contain all the information of in campus rules and regulations and warnings of COVID-19 and you and your family has to sign that affidavit.
Data Science Tools and Techniques : Homework: Read Chapter 3 Data Preprocessing from the book Data mining by Han and Kamber. Lecture and Reference material have been uploaded in Google classroom. We will have a quiz 1 next week and Assignment 1 will be uploaded during this week
Hi everyone, I emailed the HOD to ask about the on-campus classes. And well here's the reply. This means for us classes will start on 21st.
Guys, I am unable to understand about new timetable and is tomorrow we have classes ? Anyone who knows  new  timings of classes please mention in comments.  PS: mujhy excel sheet se smjh no ata

Guys I have posted something related to the change of timetable in the classroom of Stats. I request you all to please help me with it. We can't afford changes in table time for God's sake I have got alterations from my company after pleading so much. Also we were told that the timetable would never change.

I got new timetable I can't afford such alteration of time. I barely manage the Office time with old one and register courses accordingly and now they have changed the Stats class time. I can't continue it in such way properly. do let me know how many of you have issue with it, I'll take application on behalf of everyone I just need your cooperation you don't have to come along, just need assistance in confirmation with me. because Friday from 8-5 all of you have to be in campus which is huge time waste. I dropped Image Processing already but you people still have.
Kisi ko agr pata hai statistics, applied programing aur applied image processing ki professors ne kon kon si books recommend ki hain please mujhe books ke names bta de
Has anyone confirmed that is campus opening from Monday or tuesday ?




As I get to know some of students are getting confused about in campus classes. As far as I know I got the information from Aftab Sir and his PA classes for new batch will start on 21st September not from coming week. But as they change timetable again this needs to be re-confirm. Secondly Aftab sir said FAST is planning to keep continue the course as Hybrid-way (in campus & live online class). Because of social distancing students were not allowed to sit together so they are planning to provide that option whoever wants to take class he/she can come to campus or can take live-class from where he/she wants. live-class through any compatible software like live-session of facebook. But that Hybrid-way is still to be confirmed they haven't decided their final decision on that.
Sirf mera Gmail ka password change howa hae ke ap mein se be kisi ka howa hae??
Anyone get orientation email??  On campus orientation...

Can anyone tell me.  What's deadline of task? Is it 4:30 am?

Kindly someone tell me whether MSDS is offered in morning or evening times?  Let's suppose online classes are conducted at 6 to 9 pm in weekdays and 9 to 1 pm in weekends. Same time table might be followed for in campus??
Is there anyone studying deficiency courses . Kindly comment down below. I am planning on making a separate group for them.

Ds tools and tec prposal sbmission deadline 21 sep
 There are 51 members in group excluding me. So all of you have registered yourself for courses OFFICIALLY? There was two options of registering:... 1: Attending the orientation. 2: Visiting campus if you didn't receive orientation email. 1st option isn't available and if you didn't visit campus and taking classes by requesting instructor so you aren't STUDENT OF CLASS in university record. I have seen that many students got access by requesting instructors so if you haven't registered yourself so kindly do visit campus. THIS IS LAST WEEK before FRIDAY. If you didn't, you may lose your seat in that course.

 I am taking two deficiency course of Data Structures and Object Oriented Programming I just checked the lab schedule and I believe there is a clash on Tuesday from 2 PM to 4 PM  I have removed other courses from the screenshot and made the background red for easier interpretation  Lab(CS-9)   Lab(CS-10)

Shall we ask "stats and maths in DS" teacher to move his Monday class from 3:30 to 11:00?


 1. Basic python and statistics 2. Advanced Statistics Game of Thrones:-https://www.kaggle.com/mylesoneill/game-of-thrones World University Ranking:-https://www.kaggle.com/mylesoneill/world-university-rankings IMDB Movie Dataset:- https://www.kaggle.com/carolzhangdc/imdb-5000-movie-dataset a) Regression Problems How much did it rain :- https://www.kaggle.com/c/how-much-did-it-rain-ii/overview Inventory Demand:- https://www.kaggle.com/c/grupo-bimbo-inventory-demand Property Inspection predictiion:- https://www.kaggle.com/c/liberty-mutual-group-property-insp… Restaurant Revenue prediction:- https://www.kaggle.com/c/restaurant-revenue-prediction/data IMDB Box office Prediction:-https://www.kaggle.com/c/tmdb-box-office-prediction/overview b) Classification problems








What are the timings of tomorrow’s class?

Can someone talk to Stats and Maths in DS sir for the lecture the other day? The recording of it. I barely understood what he said during the class lol.
can anyone tell me how to join live lecture of "Design and Analysis of Algorithms"?
Hello everyone! I am taking the course "Algorithm Design and Analysis". I have a job as do many of you. The class schedule is a problem for almost all jobholders. I found out from a senior that the timings can be changed on request to the teacher. How would you feel about 1 complete lecture from 9-12 on a single day or two short lectures on two different days from 9:00-10:30? I think if we make a combined effort, we can convince the professor.
Hey Fellows! Who is taking Data Structures and OOP? And are you taking it as a zero semester or are you guys taking MSDS courses with it?


Dear MSDS class  Pl. find attached  Applied Image Processing course outline and a recorded lecture for your perusal/listening. ~ Dr.Asif Gillani






I can assume that no one is doing job according to the time table FAST has provided to MS students. I talked to Manager Academics can you provide any relaxation to job holders? Because I'm doing job so do anyone else doing it and if YES, then do let me know how you planning to manage it with such time.


 And classes kitney hours ki he hamari, kisi ne li he to do let me know.




Data science tools and techniques G-Classrooms code : r2vauf2
Hi everyone! I want to ask the people who attend the classes to please request the lecturer to allow recording today's lecture as there are many students (including me) who have not received the class invitation yet (so these students can take the lecture from the recording), and the idea of missing the first classes is terrible. Also please share your notes (asking just for today because I am certain that all student's issues will be solved by next class). Thanks.
anyone have codes of all classess


Here's the link for Applied programming  Instructor : Dr. Asma Ahmed,


What's the scene of Flex? they mentioned that only students who are registered on Flex will get enrolled in G-Classrooms? can anyone elaborate that term? because I tried to login on Flex they said your email is not valid. Things are really messed-up now.

Hello Everyone I think everyone must have plan to do job with MS.  So, Any of you  know any remote job or flexible timing job opening. Do share with all here.  I think it'll be great idea if admin make pin post in this regard
Akhnus Nadeem bro the course codes you provided me last night I tried to use them in Google Classroom so they showed me toast message "no classroom with that code". What's next now?
Can anyone guide me about the timings of our lectures of MS(DS) 1st Semester and how do we register for them?
If anyone has course codes so kindly provide me.

The purpose of this group is to remove the gap between student body which is due to online classes and as we are a new batch and there is no interaction between us.  So what we will be doing in this group is basically helping out each other in academics and what so ever help needed regarding university.

Post
Aptech Gulistan-e-Johar OfficialAptech Gulistan-e-Johar Official #SoftwareEngineerJobs #softwarehouse #KarachiJobs #jobs #Aptech #networkadmin #networking
 It has a power protection switch when out of smoke oil, it can help to protect machine`s using life.


Fast karachi main campus  Everyday route (monday, friday, sunday off)  Pickup from main road anywhere between naheed super market(other adjacent areas) to fast university main campus on national highway. Timings: Start morning 7... Return evening 4
Well i am selected in ee of fast Is it good to continue???  #seniours





kia fast ki SE PEC OR NCEAC se recognized ha

Last date to apply in scholarship form?
FAST fall 2020 session admissions. The below link contains admission requirement, fee structure, scholarship info, eligibility criteria, sample paper, program offered
jo chahty ke is saal fast ka merit kia ho ga apna aggregate comment karein takee idea ho jaye mera 77 hai
is saal isb campus ka electrical engr ka exepected merit kahan tak ho skta ha agr kisi ko koi idea ho to plzz bta de
https://paktechpoint.com/voltage-drop-calculations-electri…/
Some people call this artificial intelligence, but the reality is this technology will enhance us. So instead of artificial intelligence, we think we’ll augment... our intelligence.

Sensotech (www.sensotech.org) has multiple full time job as well as internship opportunities for its office based in Lahore. Remote work is possible. 1. Embedded firmware developers  (Experience in ARM architecture based e-systems is a must) 2. Software developers  (Experience in .NET framework, databases is a must)... 3. Mechanical Engineer  (Experience in SolidWorks is a must) Minimum BS Engineering degree is required. Visit our website for more details and applicants are encouraged to apply through company's LinkedIn page: https://www.linkedin.com/company/34745417 Freshers (or non-relevant experience holders) can apply for internship while min 2-3 years relevant experience is required for full time job.

We are now accepting applications for Astera’s Data Integration & QA Internship Program. This virtual internship program allows students to work on challenging ...projects and experimenting with innovative ideas. This is an exciting opportunity to learn the ins and outs of the data industry and improve your skills while working with a diverse team. APPLY NOW: https://tinyurl.com/DIQAInternship2020 Note: This program is for the night shift only. Shortlisted candidates will be contacted via email. #DIQA2020 #AsteraCareers #JoinUs #ApplyNow #Internship #Paid #VirtualInternship #DataIntegration #QualityAssurance #SQA #Jobs #WorkFromHome #Hiring #Students #Graduates #TechCareers #JobsinIT #TechJobs #ITJobs






Join free PLC / HMI / SCADA course and Do subscribe in Urdu  https://www.youtube.com/playlist…








Is the uni offering MBA or BBA?
BE Electronics/ Instrumentation Engineer  Near by Port Qasim will be preferred. If you feel confident kindly apply as well   sh3haider@gmail.com... Hands-on experience on field instruments, PLC control system, troubleshooting of field equipment’s, loop checking and calibrations. Diagnose & resolve the problems of field instruments, pneumatic valves  Process field controllers, and PLC hardware and control devices.  Basic Knowledge of Process Safety Management systems. Ability to diagnose and trouble shoot issues related to instrumentation & electrical. Able to actively execute the Preventive and Corrective maintenance of machines.  Effective time management and problem-solving skills as a team player. Responsible for effective Coordination with Production to make sure the shift operation must continue trouble-free at all the times. Co-ordinate with Production department teams in troubleshooting work and provide technical support to resolve their problems related to process control during the operation/maintenance. Execute the preventive maintenance activities of instruments & electrical as per planned schedule.  sh3haider@gmail.com
University in Tokyo has held the world's first online graduation ceremony due to global  pandemic. #corona. World is moving now towards online activities !



 #SDAP2020 #AsteraSoftware #AsteraCareers #WorkWithAstera #GrowWithAstera #RecruitmentDrive2020 #JoinOurTeam #DevJobs #NowHiring #ITjobs #CSgrads #Karachijobs #CSjobs Bahria University Fast National University KuDcs-Ubit-Official Dawood College of Engineering and Technology Sindh Madressatul Islam University Iqra University - IU Institute of Business Management IBA - Institute of Business Administration SZABIST NED University OF Engineering and Tech. Karachi Usman Institute of Technology - UIT DHA Suffa University (Official) SSUET Jobs and Internships Mehran University of Engineering and Technology
 #SDAP2020 #As...teraSoftware #AsteraCareers #WorkWithAstera #GrowWithAstera #RecruitmentDrive2020 #JoinOurTeam #DevJobs #NowHiring #ITjobs #CSgrads #Karachijobs #CSjobs Bahria University - Official Dawood College of Engineering and Technology DHA Suffa University (Official) IBA - Institute of Business Administration Institute of Business Management Iqra University - IU SZABIST PAF-KIET NED University of Engineering & Technology KuDcs-Ubit-Official Usman Institute of Technology - UIT FAST National University SSUET Jobs and Internships Mehran University of Engineering and Technology Sindh Madressatul Islam University


Covid 19 Pandemic has affected us in so many ways. Telco Networks both Fixed and Mobile are facing unprecedented capacity constraints and a complete and sudden change in user profile, traffic patterns and area profiles. Let’s try to understand the impact of the current pandemic on networks and how to make networks adapt to this huge challenge both in the short and long term. 

 Data Center industry or IT sector is one of those sectors that should continue to do well even if the economy starts feeling a bit under the weather. Data centers: Data centers securely store information for companies. They're largely immune to an economic downturn. There's no evidence of correlation between GDP growth and Data Center leasing activity. Further, a worsening outbreak could even drive greater use of internet shopping and over-the-top video, making data centers even more vital.

 Data Center industry or IT sector is one of those sectors that should continue to do well even if the economy starts feeling a bit under the weather. Data centers: Data centers securely store information for companies. They're largely immune to an economic downturn. There's no evidence of correlation between GDP growth and Data Center leasing activity. Further, a worsening outbreak could even drive greater use of internet shopping and over-the-top video, making data centers even more vital.



Maven Analytics Free Online Udemy Courses! ✌
Keeping in line with the recent government directives, the Developers' Day team has decided to reschedule the event. Until then, keep watching this space for updates.
 #Edgedatacenter #Datacenter #TIA... #standards #AI #Technology #Attomtechnologypak #Attomtechnology #Attomproduct
A detailed overview for 5G NR Frame structure, flexible subcarrier spacing, flexible timeslots, resource block allocations and how the physical layer provides mechanisms for low latency and operating in different frequency bands. Please subscribe to our YouTube channel for more videos on 5G NR and LTE.
Top-free-online-courses-throughout-the-world✌
 #Edgedatacenter #Datacenter #TIA... #standards #AI #Technology #Attomtechnologypak #Attomtechnology #Attomproduct

In lieu of the Corona Virus outbreak; team PROCOM has introduced regional ambassadors. They are appointed specific regions all over Karachi; responsible for pro...viding door to door service. Your registration fee will now be collected right from your doorsteps, for your ease!



 #services #installation #Modular #Datacenter #edgecomputing #prefabricated #edge #Hyperconverged #5G #networking #ATTOM #LATAM #GCC #cloud #technology #internet #telecommunication #fiberopticcable #Digicelgroup #digitaltransformation #cables #telecoms #infrastructure #communications
 Registration link: https://forms.gle/9EsWZuFV9QH1cK6z7

 Careem stands out as the epitome of a top notch travelling experience and providing its passengers with the safest trip possible. They have an assortment of ride types to select from, so that your travel is secure and easy on the pocket.
Uptime's survey of top innovative data center technologies:  1) Distributed resiliency,  2) Chiller-free data centers,  3) Micro-modular data centers,  4) Stora...ge-class memory,  5) Data center management as a service,  6) Silicon photonics,  7) Open source infrastructure,  8) Software-defined power,  9) Direct liquid cooling,  10) Data center as a machine, 11) Data center micro-grids,  12) Application-optimized data center,  13) Post-silicon computing
Uptime's survey of top innovative data center technologies:  1) Distributed resiliency,  2) Chiller-free data centers,  3) Micro-modular data centers,  4) Stora...ge-class memory,  5) Data center management as a service,  6) Silicon photonics,  7) Open source infrastructure,  8) Software-defined power,  9) Direct liquid cooling,  10) Data center as a machine, 11) Data center micro-grids,  12) Application-optimized data center,  13) Post-silicon computing
Handson trainings at City Campus. For details and Registration. https://csrd.neduet.edu.pk/courses
Being one of the largest student-run organization, AIESEC, brings forward an international platform for young graduates. This organization not only helps them t...o shape their personality but also helps them to develop empathy and discover other cultures.  Team PROCOM is delighted to welcome AIESEC as our community partner and together we hope to bring a positive impact on our society.

 Micro data center, a self-contained converged IT and facilities solution that incorporates compute, network, storage, power, coolin...g, security and unified management control, has become an answer to this challenge in that they are easily installed, self-contained, scalable and remotely managed, to provide customers a ideal solution for distributed local IT and edge computing applications.



The way you will be treated in your field depends upon how you present yourself.





JOB OPPORTUNITY: Job Details: PCB Front end CAM Engineering role is required to have proven experience in working with Gerber data. It is essential to handle more than 20 layers , HDI dense boards. It is essential to have solid experience with Valor Genesis 2000 with the ability to read the complex drawings and validate customer specifications. Expe...rience in Genesis 2k tool knowledge is must. UCAM , CAM350 and CAM Master is an added advantage. Working in a various manufacturer specification/industry would be an added advantage. Able to work under pressure in a very fast paced environment. Ability to work with deadlines. Reasonable command over English Language. Work Location Coimbatore. Original certificates need to be shown.  Interested candidates please email their CV  To: alyzain.mansoor@gmail.com CC: sales@rushpcb.co.uk Subject: Electrical Engineer Job Application (FAST-NUCES)
 Join us on Developers' Day 2020, as we dive into the juicy details of the latest in technology and its impact, with captivating, engaging sessions.



The power of words is immense. A well-chosen word has often sufficed to stop a flying army, to change defeat into victory and to save an empire.  With the days ...getting shorter, the hype for Agha Hasan Abedi Declamation Contest has become astounding then ever. AHA not just promises to upthrough your oratory skills to the audience but also promises to provide you a ground which uplifts your skills. We are pleased to announce that the registeration for AHA will be coming live soon. Don't forget to register for this event.  ~AHADC'20
A one-stop event that encompasses everything technology. With electrifying competitions, valuable learning opportunities and a future defining job fair as its c...enterpiece, PROCOM endures as the premier tech event of Karachi. Presenting now a comprehensive list of all the exciting competitive opportunities available at PROCOM'20. Consisting of a lineup of all the classics with a few new additions, PROCOM is all set to be the hottest battleground this year.
An event of grand magnitude is built up on multiple supports. The pillars for PROCOM'20 are its numerous partners, one of the most notable being FAST NUCES' ver...y own management society - FMS! The Fast Management Society steps up as an official competitions partner for this edition of PROCOM. With their experience, the competitions at PROCOM are set to soar to new heights.
 With enormous gratitude, Team Procom feels proud to Introduce Sibisoft as our Gold sponsor.
 The AIMLC workshop aims to do just that, with the first wor...kshop being "Introduction to Deep Learning".  Make sure to register: https://forms.gle/zNPjzQp882H2U4NJA

 Put your hearts on fire as we bring yet another series of technical workshops, starting with a Firebase Study Jam with Flutte...r! Firebase is a Google application development platform that helps you build, improve, and grow your app. #DeveloperStudentClubs #DSCNUCES #FirebaseinAction
 It is with much pride that we introduce IBA-ProBattle as the academic partner for PROCOM 2020. Prepare yourself to be a part of an event testing your quick-thinking, wit and creativity. Prepare yourself for PROCOM 2020.
A competent, outstanding programmer is not one who is able to write a whole code in one go. It is one who can flush out all the bugs from the code.  Be a part of the experience at Developers' Day 2020, as registerations will soon begin.

DECS is here with yet another reveal! #DECS2020 #Getready #DaanixSpotlight #Dramatics #Singing #livemusic #actingwars #art #Spotlight
With dotage of expeditions and prophecies in the gaming community, Pakistan Cyber Gaming contributes best endeavors to keep up with newfangled gaming standards ...and logistics.
#NAB_Recruitment_Guide ☞ Assistant Director NAB (BS-17) 📚 Caravan book house - price: 650/- 👆Delivery charges Rs:150/-(100 for Khi) ☝️Cash on delivery... ☝️For order inbox or whatsappp at  https://wa.me/923122471645?text=Assalamualaikum.%20. ☝Need any other book 👈👉just inbox #caravanbookhouse #caravan #recruitment #national #accountability #bureau #nab #guide #test #exams #Mcqs #latest #authentic #Allbooksonestore





We provide all kinds of books at your doorstep, having a vast collection of Kids, Matriculation, FA/F.Sc, O/A Level, BA/B.Sc /B.com, Law, Medical, Engineering, ...ACCA, CA, ECAT, MCAT, BCAT, NUST, GMAT, SAT, GAT, NAT, GRE, TOEFL, IELTS, PTE, CSS, PMS, PCS, FPSC, PPSC, SPSC, KPPSC, AJKPSC, NTS, PTS, WAPDA,PIA, CIA, FIA, ASF, ISSB, Educator, Army, Navy, Police, Air Force, Excise & Taxation, all other Competitive Exams, Intelligence quotient(IQ), General knowledge, English&Urdu Novel, Islamic, Literature, History, motivational, Poetry, Comic, Art, Biographies, & all other Related books.
Like a wise person once said, "Persistance makes all the difference", and the WebMasters has finally proven it. After months long of hard work and sacrifices, t...he sweet fruit of labour is here. The official website of FAST-NUCES is released. Keep your fingers crossed for the great unveiling! Link : http://khi.nu.edu.pk/ #DesignedDevelopedDeployed
Like a wise person once said, "Persistance makes all the difference", and the WebMasters has finally proven it. After months long of hard work and sacrifices, t...he sweet fruit of labour is here. The official website of FAST-NUCES is released. Keep your fingers crossed for the great unveiling! Link : http://khi.nu.edu.pk/ #DesignedDevelopedDeployed
3 Days left to apply for Ambassador AirNexus’20  Hurry up and get yourself registered Last date to register is 25th February Register Via: https://forms.gle/gbS...8nmkEQqvh6aha6 AIRNEXUS'20 : APRIL 3-5,2020 #AirNexus20 #AirUniversity #ChampionsReborn


If you are looking for a job oriented engineering training program or any internship; this is the right place for you. We coordinate with the industry and train... the young engineers as perfect work force. All trainings available in house and one on one online world wide. Feel free contact with us from any where any time. Thanks Team Careers360



Every year, Developers' Day strives for excellence in an attempt to connect students with the industry.  If you are prepared to devoting yourself and being a pa...rt of something extraordinary, you are just the person we're looking for. Becoming a brand ambassador for this event is an incredible chance to develop your skills and meet with professionals from the industry. In addition to this, Developers' Day 2020 gives you a lot of perks to make the day even better!  Register before it gets too late:   https://forms.gle/JrEFn8KAtkqo3iFS6
Having problems with connecting to StudentXone again? Well, put your mind at ease, because the WebMasters is here to help yet again! Simply follow the instructions in the video and fix the problem. #designdevelopdeploy
The world today is all about technical innovations, open-source hardwares and softwares which keep on bringing the evolution in the world of science.  UAV Drone..., in true words had been proven to be a marvel of today’s science. To bridge up the distance between academia and the advancement of technological psychomotor, Think n Create is introducing one of its finesse workshop, THE DRONE SHOW.  A platform to excavate deeply into the dig of your technical skills by assembling the furnished kits with the provided assistance by our qualified instructor. So get yourself registered given the link below. https://forms.gle/fTgAHFczLYBz9a83A.
Register Here: https://forms.gle/Q93faMqMi6kA6Tk37
Having problems with connecting to StudentXone again? Well, put your mind at ease, because the WebMasters is here to help yet again! Simply follow the instructions in the video and fix the problem. #designdevelopdeploy
 Dress the part and f...ind yourself climbing a step up the ladder to impress at the interviews. Leave a mark and cement your way to success.


The most rewarding part of being a part of the PROCOM'20 is, being surrounded by like-minded, ambitious individuals with whom you will be able to grow, learn, a...nd share. So, get along our registration team at your university at UBIT and IQRA North campus, from 10 am to 5 pm, and be the part of the biggest tech event of Pakistan

 We all as FASTians should promote this new page because they need page to connect to people for Procom daily updates and there is not much time left in event. As we all know how much Important this event is for FASTians and what’s PROCOM legacy. 
 Only one of the most happening events there is, what with its competitions, panel discussions, tech seminars and the much reno...wned job fair. Developers' Day, the one event that offers you so much under one roof. It is where you indulge yourself in a highly thought-provoking gathering of numerous talented individuals, and end the day with a feeling of utmost satisfaction.
 Only one of the most happening events there is, what with its competitions, panel discussions, tech seminars and the much reno...wned job fair. Developers' Day, the one event that offers you so much under one roof. It is where you indulge yourself in a highly thought-provoking gathering of numerous talented individuals, and end the day with a feeling of utmost satisfaction.
MLK’s co-founder, Ajmal I. Mughal is committed to excellence in different fields and he is passionate about 3D printing that is now revolutionizing all the indu...stries. Particularly, he is interested in helping the final year students prototype their hardware design and models. Want to 3D print a design? Let us know, place your order today and receive 25% discount on your first order.
"The arena is set, champions enter the ground and the crowd screams with excitement" PROCOM wouldn't be what it is without the multiple Competitions that it boa...sts and covers every inch of testable talent via its critical analysis. So without further ado, here are the Competitions of PROCOM'20.  Choose your domain and enter the arena as a gladiator of your field and showcase the pure talent that you have exercised all this time.  Register here: http://www.procom20.net 
Here's the highlights of today's Flutter session, covering advanced topics through hands-on training experience.  #FlutterDev #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs
 Now the architect of his own startup, his testimonial runs thus.
 Who said that these jokes are out of fashion? Thy hype has been created, but the "last word" is yet to be released; and that's the fun of... it.






The curtains have been drawn and the air is thick with suspense. The crowd is at the edge of their seats to know what DECS is bringing to the table to brighten ...up the new semester.  DECS is looking forward to be joined by everyone on Thursday, 5th March from 9:00 AM onwards! #livemusic #actingwars #art #Spotlight #DECS2020


 Team PROCOM is coming to SSUET to enlist some of th...e best participants in the field of technology and Excellence. Make sure to catch our members on your campus and register for the largest tech event of Pakistan.
 Team PROCOM is coming to SSUET to enlist some of th...e best participants in the field of technology and Excellence. Make sure to catch our members on your campus and register for the largest tech event of Pakistan.
“The life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams, but in active charity and in willing service.” — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
 #FastNuces #DonateBlood #CBS #IndusHospital

 #FastNuces #DonateBlood #CBS #IndusHospital

 Registrations are open! Link: https://forms.gle/tSm8M8DuY8mHwvM6A


Owing to numerous requests received last semester, this workshop was postponed.On 29th January, the registrations will be open again!

Contact   : Muhammad Ahmer: 03352427673 (WhatsApp) ☎   Ocex Couriers &   Logistics Discounted Offer.   https://www.facebook.com/OcexSupplyChain/…   Have A Good   Day ☺️   Note: Shipping In   Bulk Consignment Also Available.
 Registrations are open! Link: https://forms.gle/tSm8M8DuY8mHwvM6A


https://facebook.com/events/s/aeo-expo-study-in-australia-20/2790185694381251/?ti=as
961 marks in matric .. 461 marks in 1st year.. currently 2nd year.. what score is required in fast test or NAT test for getting admission in cs
https://www.facebook.com/events/s/aeo-expo-study-in-australia-20/2790185694381251/
Check out the balloon launch into the space. The goal was to measure the environmental pollution at different atmospheric levels.
For All Students from Different SCHOOLS, COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. You have the opportunity to become the face of your institute in the 1st Edition of FAST OLY...MPIAD. Register Now on the link given below and be the part of the biggest event of this winter Registration Link: https://docs.google.com/…/1UjqTbPt2e2rk1ygpWJtLgawHiA…/edit…
The Literary Club is proud to unveil the 6th volume of Local Host, FAST’s official newsletter. This issue is meticulously curated to bring you our exclusive tak...e on all events that the campus is abuzz with, such as sports competitions, society events or seminars. It is sure to become your go to for the latest campus news and happenings. 
 We provide best quality Antique Finishes on your Metal items of Brass, Iron, Zinc, Pewter & S...tainless Steel. For assistance and details feel free to call us at +92 333 2101679 +92 331 3632119


Fast NU kaisi h for MS EE?
 We provide best quality Antique Finishes on your Metal items of Brass, Iron, Zinc, Pewter & Stainless ...Steel. For assistance and details feel free to call us at +92 333 2101679 +92 331 3632119

 An electronics project made-up using a Arduino Nano, a metal detector, and a servo motor to rotate an object two-ways separating and dumping plastic and  aluminum cans into bins. This is a great project for any engineering student which requires only handful of components. Watch the video and follow the steps to make one for yourself.
IEEE GIKI SB presents the modules of NEO'20. Avail this chance now to enhance your programming, core robotics, driving, spoken & socializing skills! Don't miss ...this chance to get recognition for participating in the largest Robotics competition of Pakistan. NEO'20 awaits your presence & participation! Event dates: 7th  to 9th February 2020

Telecom Engineer (Fresh graduate or up to 1 year experienced) required. Relevant candidates please inbox your CV ASAP. Preferably Lahore based candidate.
 We provide best quality Antique Finishes on your Metal items of Brass, Iron, Zinc, Pewter & ...Stainless Steel. For assistance and details feel free to call us at +92 333 2101679 +92 331 3632119

Want to learn how counters work in digital electronics? Watch the video here:  https://youtu.be/h00hXvLz3_0 #digitalelectronics #counters #flipflops
 https://forms.gle/3AnigxyJJB6i19AG7
All set and ready to embark on a journey of tech savvy events, certified sessions and all that technological extravaganza?Don’t worry as it is only a matter of ...days until the event commences, and to take things even further, SENTEC is glad to announce ‘Gaditek’ as our PLATINUM sponsor for the event TECHFEST 2.0.🤩 With a mission to innovate relentlessly, Galitek is a New Age technology company renowned for producing quality entrepreneurs and has provided valuable and profound insights that have significantly contributed towards the entrepreneurship industry. 💯 Don’t miss out on any of this and make sure to register yourself in this event to make the most of it!   Register for free certified Session! 👇 https://forms.gle/3AnigxyJJB6i19AG7

 We provide quality Antique Finishes on Metal Items of Iron, Brass, Pewter, Zinc & Stainless Steel.
Want more than just the Annual Tour on the new year? Well, Worthy Walk has got it handled for you! With just few hours left before the DECS Annual Tour'20 offic...ially kicks off, Worthy Walk is giving you another amazing chance to win the airdots without any extra efforts! Just install our app and track your steps to top the leader board as you wander through the beauty of Pakistan!
 #FYP #Projects #Electronics #Electrical #Automation #Robotics #IoT #Mechanical #Engineering_Thesis #Image_processing #app_Development #Data_base



 Contact us for best quality Antique Finishing on your Metal items of Iron, Bras...s, Pewter, Zinc & Stainless Steel.

 Event dates:  Event registration link: https://forms.gle/ZFiCUhnJevEyznp67 *limited spots available for upto 100% scholarship, hurry up!!
With the stress of the current semester finally cooling off, NUCES-KHI-ACM brings a great news for you all. We are collaborating with Code.Play, organized by Br...ain Hack, held at Habib University on 10-12 January 2020, which is guaranteed to stimulate your brain and take you for a combative ride. Register Here: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSddZ61As6BCYruYJz…/viewform
Too many water problems, one solution. #asani
 Fields:IT, Electrical ENG& Environmental Sciences 24 January is the last date to apply
 Contact us for best quality Antique Finishing on your Metal items of Iron, Brass, Pewter, Zi...nc & Stainless Steel.
 We produce High Quality Metal Plating with Antique Finishes on Garments Items like Buttons,... Buckles, Sliders, etc, etc.. Finishes We Produce * Antique Brass  *Antique Copper *Antique Silver *Dull Golden Brass *Copper Red *Dull Silver *Dull Anthracite *Shine Black *Dull Black
 Have Another Iphone 7 KIT Only with 128 GB
 10 competitions to test your programming, web development, mobile development, creativity and gaming skills.

 10 competitions to test your programming, web development, mobile development, creativity and gaming skills.
 Box of 1000 pcs approx

 Job Description: 1. We are looking for a full stack developer to produce scalable and secure software solutions. 2. You’ll be part of a cross-functional team that’s responsible for the full software development life cycle, from conception to deployment.... 3. As a full stack developer, you should be comfortable around both front-end and back-end coding languages, development frameworks and third-party libraries. 4. You should also be a team player with a knack for visual design and utility. If you’re also familiar with Agile methodologies 5. Being an expert level of API developer to integrate the front and back end with APIs. 6. Knowledge of creation and consumption of REST and SOAP services is desirable. 7. Understanding of how to read API documentation. 8. Complete understanding of automated processes for building, testing, documenting, and deploying it at scale. 9. An awareness of security concerns is important. 10. Knowledge of Algorithms and data structures. 11. Strong organizational and project management skills. 12. Proficiency with fundamental front-end languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Proficiency with JavaScript frameworks such as Angular JS /2-8 and React. 13. Proficiency with server-side language Node.js. 14. Proficiency with database technology such as MongoDB and MySQL. 15. Knowledge of Gatsby ,Contentful and graphQL will be a plus. 16. Developer generally work in an office environment during regular business hours, although significant overtime may be required when project deadlines approach. 17. Must be able to manage the distributed teams across multiple countries. 18. Excellent verbal communication skills. 19. Good problem solving skills. Job Specification Qualification : Degree in Computer Science Experience: 4-5 years

The cue ball can do it all. Control it and you will win the game SNOOKER; a reveling game for all has hit the list of competitions at NU-FEST, presented by Kale...em Associates. Here comes the right chance to podcast yourself and your hidden flair on this open platform.
Tired of the semester? Can't wait for a break? Just hold on for a little longer as DECS is all prepared for the Annual Tour'20. We are here with some new spots ...where you can closely witness the beauty of Pakistan!  We start off with Swat, and its nearby spectacular points which includes the Kalam valley, the mesmerizing Malam Jabba, the cloudy Ushu forest and Fizza Ghat; a perfect point to view sunsets. Time is short, but you can still get yourself registered! http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
Still unsure about joining the Annual Tour? Well, the deadline is near.  With just 10 days left, DECS would like to remind you all to register for the Annual To...ur as soon as possible. Last date for the registration and fee submission is 10th December. So hasten up the packing, as your seats won't be available until and unless you register yourself with the required payment! To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20

Every semester ends with deadlines looming over our heads. To balance it out, DECS has an exciting plan to look forward to, The Annual Tour 2020. Outdoing itsel...f once again, like every year, Team DECS is proud to unveil the following mesmerising additions to our destinations' list: One thing is guaranteed; DECS is ready to astonish us like never before. To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20


The WebMasters has arranged a workshop to assign you a project for HTML and CSS that you will complete in your semster break in order to become a part of our development teams...  #designdevelopdeploy
 You are requested to fill out the form attached below before your interview session:
With fresh start, comes our very own, beloved DECs with the best event of the year, "The Annual Tour". Join DECs for the Annual Tour 2020 and mark an incredible beginning of your semester! #AnnualTour20 #DECS Designer : Minimal Graphics
 We produce best quality antique finishes on metal items of Brass, Iron, Zinc, Pewter & Stainless Ste...el. Items on metal finishing being processed Sliders, Buttons, Safety Pins, Chairnails, Nails, Screws, Nut & Bolts, Buckles, Chains, Dog Hooks, Dori Cones, Labels, Household Showpieces, etc.
 This time around, DECS is giving you a chance to explore the unique and c...aptivating culture of Pakistan, as we bring to you the Annual Tour 2020! We will start off our journey from the awestriking Rakapushi viewpoint to the mesmerizing valley of Hunza. You'll also witness the beauty of Attabaad Lake, Gilgit and finally end our exciting journey on Nanga Parbat viewpoint.
 To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
 DECS promises to entertain all the batches and to give some lasting memori...es to the seniors; guaranteeing to make you all visit heavenly and ravishing northern areas of Pakistan. Here's a complete viable detailed package for you all. Our facilities and services will surely leave no doubt to regret! To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
 DECS promises to entertain all the batches and to give some lasting memori...es to the seniors; guaranteeing to make you all visit heavenly and ravishing northern areas of Pakistan. Here's a complete viable detailed package for you all. Our facilities and services will surely leave no doubt to regret! To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I may learn." And this is precisely why The WebMasters has arranged a project for HTML and CSS after the highly successful workshop.  Be punctual... #designdevelopdeploy
"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I may learn." And this is precisely why The WebMasters has arranged a project for HTML and CSS after the highly successful workshop.  Be punctual... #designdevelopdeploy

 Venue : EE Auditorium Date: 28th Of November Timings: 11 AM- 12 PM
The first step in fulfilling your dreams is to believe in them. The first step towards success is striving for it. What dreams do you have? Do you crave success...? Do you have the thirst to prove your worth in front of the entire world? Behold as Sportics is arranging something big for you. Something that is worth the wait. Something that is worth the strive. Something that would lead you towards the path of glory. Stay tuned to find out more! #DemandRespectorAcceptDefeat
The timer is ticking and the count increasing. 235 enthusiastic trainees have currently joined the WebMasters. So hurry up learners, complete your assigned proj...ects (will be assigned to you soon) and get the opportunity to be promoted to our front end, back end, and mobile app development teams! #designdevelopdeploy
The timer is ticking and the count increasing. 235 enthusiastic trainees have currently joined the WebMasters. So hurry up learners, complete your assigned proj...ects (will be assigned to you soon) and get the opportunity to be promoted to our front end, back end, and mobile app development teams! #designdevelopdeploy
 To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20
 To register, visit the following link: http://bit.do/DECS_Annual_Tour-2K20

CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy
CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy
 This time around, DECS is giving you a chance to explore the unique and c...aptivating culture of Pakistan, as we bring to you the Annual Tour 2020! We will start off our journey from the awestriking Rakapushi viewpoint to the mesmerizing valley of Hunza. You'll also witness the beauty of Attabaad Lake, Gilgit and finally end our exciting journey on Nanga Parbat viewpoint.
DECS brings a chance for everyone to create a reel of memories which will engrave in their minds; an adventure of unforgettable places. The second set of travel... series will start from the Valley of Swat to the Ushu forest, passing by the pristine Mohodand Lake, Malam Jabba and ending on the mesmerizing greenery of Nathia Gali; one of the most anticipated sites in Pakistan.  Join us as we embark on making memories and moments to cherish! Don't forget to be a part of it.

 NU-FEST is glad to announce its joint... venture with MENSA - a global company which has introduced IQ QUEST in the long list of competitions at NU-FEST. With MENSA, we bring forth a unique twist; an overwhelming contest of IQ analysis in a time bomb environment.

 The fascinating... event, NU-FEST, is coming to UIT, all packed up with numerous opportunities. Brace yourselves to compete against various teams and showcase versatile talents on the most facilitated platform. Be prepared as team NU-FEST visits your institute to get your names on the list. It is time to show the world your everlasting abilities.
CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy
CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media and it saves a lot of work. It can... control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. So to teach you this skill The WebMasters have arranged a workshop for you guys. Moreover, there will be a revision of HTML so people who have missed our first two workshops can cover those topics. Kindly come and learn with us! #designdevelopdeploy
If you have missed our registration period then do not worry you may still become a learner at The WebMasters and gain web development skills. We will teach you... and help you in implementing all the main concepts of web development in duration of workshops so join us and become a web developer . Registration Link: https://forms.gle/g9fxemgjw7WoH7pc8




What else is needed to start this new year with lively and welcoming memories? Team DECS is back with its most exclusive and grand event of all 'THE ANNUAL TOUR...' 2020.  So the wait is over as DECS invites you all to the introductory session of ANNAUL TOUR'20 to disclose the details of their most exhilarating event of the year. Hoping to see you all! Venue: EE Auditorium Timings: 1:00 pm - 2:00pm Date: 19th Nov'19 #tour2020 #adventure #wanderlust #explorePakistan #introductorysession
Hear the car roaring and feel the heat from the asphalt as you bolt to the finish line leaving your opponents far behind.  Seize this chance to show off your sk...ills with gears. Register for the Need for Speed tournament before it is too late!
The WebMasters have arranged another workshop for students on HTML and CSS having the same content explained in the workshop 1 so do not miss this opportunity again.... Hope to see you all.... #designdevelopdeploy
 NU-FEST is glad to announce its joint... venture with MENSA - a global company which has introduced IQ QUEST in the long list of competitions at NU-FEST. With MENSA, we bring forth a unique twist; an overwhelming contest of IQ analysis on a very special level. We give you a chance to enhance your analytical skills and invite you to participate in this interesting competition of brain teasers, objective questions and much more.
And the wait is finally over! The WebMasters provides you the chance, as promised, to achieve higher. We have arranged a workshop about HTML and CSS. HTML and C...SS are used to design web pages and learning it will benefit you, both in your studies,  and also in your professional life. Be sure to attend the workshop along with your friends. Like a wise man once said, " Be sure to sieze the chance, because good things don't come twice." #DesignDevelopDeploy
 Currently he is working as an assiciate professor in department of electrical engineering at sukkur IBA University..! He is also the chief organizer of PSYWSC'19.! #IEEEExp #PSYWSC19 #IEEEStudentBranchSukkur #IEEEKarachiSection #SukkurIBAUniversity


 Begin your new year and semester by being a part of the extravaganza. Choose from our wide variety of competitions and be the game changer you're meant to be.
And the wait is finally over! The WebMasters provides you the chance, as promised, to achieve higher. We have arranged a workshop about HTML and CSS. HTML and C...SS are used to design web pages and learning it will benefit you, both in your studies,  and also in your professional life. Be sure to attend the workshop along with your friends. Like a wise man once said, " Be sure to sieze the chance, because good things don't come twice." #DesignDevelopDeploy

We have sent out emails to the shortlisted students for Cloud Study Jam'19 - DSC NUCES. We request you to please check your inbox ASAP and follow the next steps mentioned in the email.  #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs #CloudStudyJam
As the paramount platform for diplomatic progress through progression, The Grand Debate has a strong legacy due in no small part to its talented and diligent di...rectors. Here is what one of them has to say about the grandness of their last experience at TGD. Registration link: https://forms.gle/sBRyqjXMgB8giQs3A



 The much awaited moment is finally here. Coders' Cup 2019, powered by Tehreer, officially begin...s, with it's opening ceremony taking place tomorrow!

 The much awaited moment is finally here. Coders' Cup 2019, powered by Tehreer, officially begin...s, with it's opening ceremony taking place tomorrow!
It's ☁️ Study Jam Season! ✨ From containerizing applications to creating virtual machines, Study Jams are tailored to specific Cloud topics and skill levels. Wh...ether you’re a beginner developer or interested in diving into Machine Learning, BigQuery, Certification, or Kubernetes - there's a track for you. So join us as we pull off our first Cloud Study Jam Session 2019. Sign-up now → https://forms.gle/YbRJuf2tVQQEYCPL9 Date: Thursday, November 14th, 2019 Venue: LLC Lab (CS Building) Timings: 11:00AM - 12:00 PM #dscnuces #developerstudentclus #googlecloud #qwiklabs #googledevelopers #CloudStudyJam
 Registration Link:  https://forms.gle/sBRyqjXMgB8giQs3A

 Be prepared as DECS is just around the corner with another surprise for all the batche...s! A present to wash away the stresses in their tiring yet, diligent journey. Memories are yet to make and DECS as always, endeavors to present a special moment for all. Buckle up as The Annual Tour comes your way! #tour2020 #adventure #wanderlust #explorepakistan #comingsoon

It's time to show off your skills and strategy in this combat to the top of the thrilling and ever-changing gameplay! Feel the adrenaline pumping through you as you fight against friends and foes in an addictive and intense gameplay.



“People who have no hold over their process of thinking ara likely to be ruined by liberty of thought.”  Happy Allama Iqbal day💥💥💥
 You c...an be sure that it's going to blow your mind away as we slowly, reveal to you. As the image of the event becomes more vivid, you won't be able to help but be stuck to the edge of your seats, grinding your teeth in anticipation and excitement!!!
 Allama Iqbal, an undoubtedly one of the greatest poets, philosopher...s and seers of humanity, whose contributios to the literature and thought of the world will live forever. It was his poetry that beacame the greatest inspiration for the Muslims to recognize themselves and their strength as a nation. The Character Building Society is celebrating Iqbal Day with passionate spirit and paying tribute to the man who raised his voice for the cause of Muslims and cultural reconstruction of the Islamic world. #IqbalDay #CBS #Fast #NUCES
 Allama Iqbal, an undoubtedly one of the greatest poets, philosopher...s and seers of humanity, whose contributios to the literature and thought of the world will live forever. It was his poetry that beacame the greatest inspiration for the Muslims to recognize themselves and their strength as a nation. The Character Building Society is celebrating Iqbal Day with passionate spirit and paying tribute to the man who raised his voice for the cause of Muslims and cultural reconstruction of the Islamic world. #IqbalDay #CBS #Fast #NUCES


The game that has been the de facto benchmark of a player's shooting skills is here. It has redefined classic gameplay for all gamers out there. Get those grena...des and rifles out as you prepare for the mightiest in the world of E-Gaming: CS GO. Employ strategy, coupled with resources, to knock down your rivals as you thrive and survive the battle royale.
 ONLY 1 DAY REMAIN FOR REGULAR REGISTRATIONS!!!  Come forward and join us to compete with world having your innovative skills and learn technical experiences from highly qualified trainers. Ladies and Gentlemen! Join us for Pakistan's biggest IEEE Congress PSYWSC'19 to be held on 15, 16 and 17 Nov 2019 and unleash you potential and technical skills before world.  #PSYWSC19  #IEEEStudentBranchSukkur  #IEEEKarachiSection  #IEEEExp  #SukkurIBAUniversity
Gaming, in today's world, is a form of art and must be handled with a certain degree of delicacy to be done just right. To be a gamer, is to uphold the finest o...f honors. Henceforth, lo and behold! For NU-FEST exclusively brings you the opportunity of a lifetime at our gaming competition! Come forth, showcase your gaming abilities and get a chance to win a whopping prize of 100K! Take part in a game of your choice and battle your way through the ranks. May the force ever be with you.
 SEE YOU SOON...! #IEEEExp #PSYWSC19 #IEEEStudentBranchSukkur #IEEEKarachiSection #SukkurIBAUniversity
Through the dedication of team R&D, the creativity of team Graphic Design, and the assistance of a lot more talented people, SENTEC is delighted to present to y...ou,  SciZine! A magazine capable to quench your thirst of the latest tech knowledge along with expanding your curiosity for the unknown. Do not miss out on this compilation of all-things-tech!





 Just come forward and get ready to witness the ever beautiful *Green* campus SIBAU this November... #IEEEExp #PSYWSC19 #IEEEStudentBranchSukkur #IEEEKarachiSection #SukkurIBAUniversity
Coders' Cup 2019 is nearly upon us - the speed programming competition of the year.  Take it upon yo...urself to risk it all, to put it all on the line. Not only do you get a chance to acquire the glory that comes with winning this coding battle, you get to test out your logic building skills, learn teamwork and polish your time management skills. And the prize that interests you all - the bonus weightage that is up for grabs! 
NUCES-KHI-ACM is delighted to announce its collaboration with a revolutionary new company which provides educational assistance with the use of its smart, acade...mically tailored AI, Tehreer. Tehreer provides artificial intelligence based virtual assistants for all aspects of education, be it students, their parents or teachers. Their expert team has so far catered to more than 80 campuses and 60 thousand students, providing proper manegerial solutions and applications for all platforms!  That being said, we proudly welcome Tehreer, with open arms, as a Gold sponsor for Coders' Cup 2019, with hopes to achieve great heights in the near future together!
NUCES-KHI-ACM is delighted to announce its collaboration with a revolutionary new company which provides educational assistance with the use of its smart, acade...mically tailored AI, Tehreer. Tehreer provides artificial intelligence based virtual assistants for all aspects of education, be it students, their parents or teachers. Their expert team has so far catered to more than 80 campuses and 60 thousand students, providing proper manegerial solutions and applications for all platforms!  That being said, we proudly welcome Tehreer, with open arms, as a Gold sponsor for Coders' Cup 2019, with hopes to achieve great heights in the near future together!
 Registration link : https://forms.gle/sBRyqjXMgB8giQs3A
 Design, strategize, and conquer; the motto of all programmers around the world. It challenges, it teaches, ...it breaks expectations sometimes, but most importantly it teaches, through trial and tribulation, a spirit that solves problems flawlessly.  Today is the day for the humble, the genuine, the hardworking, and the disciplined. Today is the day for those who consider talk cheap, and show their solutions more often.
NUCES KHI ACM is delighted to announce its collaboration with one of the leading IT and Media consultancy companies, MNF Soft. The company is known for providin...g efficient, cost-effective and practical solutions since 2013. Be it website designing and development, software development or social media marketing, MNF Soft has got you covered. Their team of experts has made it possible for them to provide 98% satisfaction and 100% accuracy to their clientele. 


 The Grand Debate brings you an opportunity to spill out the lava of your optimism with the skilled and enthusiastic opponents out there. TLC is not only empowering a chance to brace the potential of your voice into a constructive change to bring in the environment, but also to embrace in yourselves too..
 The Coders' Cup 2019 registrations open today! Operating under the ambitio...us banner of the NUCES-KHI-ACM team, Coders' Cup 2019 will not only test your problem solving skills, it will polish you and mentor you while you do so. Apart from the winners, one all women's team will be honoured by ACM-W based on their performance.
 The Grand Debate brings you an opportunity to spill out the lava of your optimism with the skilled and enthusiastic opponents out there. TLC is not only empowering a chance to brace the potential of your voice into a constructive change to bring in the environment, but also to embrace in yourselves too..


 These open-source controllers ope...ns a whole new world to create interesting hardware scenarios.
 These open-source controllers ope...ns a whole new world to create interesting hardware scenarios.
 TLC would like to appreci...ate these gems as the shining stars of this month, for their hard work and determination. We hope that these people serve as an inspiration for the rest of our members to strive to do even better.
 TLC would like to appreci...ate these gems as the shining stars of this month, for their hard work and determination. We hope that these people serve as an inspiration for the rest of our members to strive to do even better.
To enlighten your mind with astounding ideas and experience an environment so refreshing that provokes your mind and soul to entrance not only themselves, but o...nlookers as well; The Grand Debate fully serves its purpose to make the day as memorable as possible.  Hurry up debaters for the time is now to voice yourself, make an impact and let the audience reflect your energy. The date is set for 21st, November for this prestigious event. Let the countdown begin!
To enlighten your mind with astounding ideas and experience an environment so refreshing that provokes your mind and soul to entrance not only themselves, but o...nlookers as well; The Grand Debate fully serves its purpose to make the day as memorable as possible.  Hurry up debaters for the time is now to voice yourself, make an impact and let the audience reflect your energy. The date is set for 21st, November for this prestigious event. Let the countdown begin!


In the midst of a thrilling tech world, the fascinating empire of literary remains to demand uncompromising imagination and creativity. Here, you get to meet cr...azy intellectual people who you get to compete with. 
Meet our honorable guest speaker tomorrow for the talk on "Your future in AI", Mr. Vikash Khatri, Senior Vice-President AI, Afiniti. #DSCNUCES #Afiniti #DeveloperStudentClubs #ArtificialIntelligence
NU-FEST is all set to provide an open platform with the battlefield as an absolute scene of constant chaos. The winner gets to control that chaos, be it his own... or the opponent's. For that, one has to decide whether they want to get knocked down or whether they want to get up every single time.
Hey Folks! According to Caitlyn Jenner, "Your greatest asset is not your physical ability but your mental ability".  When you have something on your mind, only ...then do you have the potential to do things and put your Physical Ability to good use. And then, suddenly, you open doors that give you one worthy platform after another to enable you to discover "Who You Are". Just contact us and get yourself registered for one of most exciting events brought to you by IEEE: PSYWSC'19! #PSYWSC19  #IEEEStudentBranchSukkur  #IEEEKarachiSection  #IEEEExp  #SukkurIBAUniversity
Hey Folks! According to Caitlyn Jenner, "Your greatest asset is not your physical ability but your mental ability".  When you have something on your mind, only ...then do you have the potential to do things and put your Physical Ability to good use. And then, suddenly, you open doors that give you one worthy platform after another to enable you to discover "Who You Are". Just contact us and get yourself registered for one of most exciting events brought to you by IEEE: PSYWSC'19! #PSYWSC19  #IEEEStudentBranchSukkur  #IEEEKarachiSection  #IEEEExp  #SukkurIBAUniversity
If you think deeply about the most important thing in your life, you will probably come to the conclusion that it’s the safety and well-being of your family and... friends. Similarly, your safety is as much important to them. In today’s world we are surrounded by many bad things that are ready to drag us into their claws. One of such things is Addiction to Narcotics. As we all know: “At first, addiction is maintained by pleasure, but the intensity of this pleasure gradually diminishes and the addiction is then maintained by the avoidance of pain”.  The Government of Pakistan cares for you and they are arranging an awareness session at FAST NUCES in collaboration with National Accountability Bureau and Ministry of Narcotics Control. Character Building Society will have the honor to provide the platform for this event.   This session of Awareness in Students about the Hazards of Narcotics will be held on Wednesday 30th October from 11am to 12pm at EE Auditorium.   Understand the importance of this event and make sure to mark your presence by filling the form below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfuODVhtzm6nIv68…/viewform… #CBS #fast #nuces #Nab #SayNoTODrugs
If you think deeply about the most important thing in your life, you will probably come to the conclusion that it’s the safety and well-being of your family and... friends. Similarly, your safety is as much important to them. In today’s world we are surrounded by many bad things that are ready to drag us into their claws. One of such things is Addiction to Narcotics. As we all know: “At first, addiction is maintained by pleasure, but the intensity of this pleasure gradually diminishes and the addiction is then maintained by the avoidance of pain”.  The Government of Pakistan cares for you and they are arranging an awareness session at FAST NUCES in collaboration with National Accountability Bureau and Ministry of Narcotics Control. Character Building Society will have the honor to provide the platform for this event.   This session of Awareness in Students about the Hazards of Narcotics will be held on Wednesday 30th October from 11am to 12pm at EE Auditorium.   Understand the importance of this event and make sure to mark your presence by filling the form below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfuODVhtzm6nIv68…/viewform… #CBS #fast #nuces #Nab #SayNoTODrugs
If you think deeply about the most important thing in your life, you will probably come to the conclusion that it’s the safety and well-being of your family and... friends. Similarly, your safety is as much important to them. In today’s world we are surrounded by many bad things that are ready to drag us into their claws. One of such things is Addiction to Narcotics. As we all know: “At first, addiction is maintained by pleasure, but the intensity of this pleasure gradually diminishes and the addiction is then maintained by the avoidance of pain”.  The Government of Pakistan cares for you and they are arranging an awareness session at FAST NUCES in collaboration with National Accountability Bureau and Ministry of Narcotics Control. Character Building Society will have the honor to provide the platform for this event.   This session of Awareness in Students about the Hazards of Narcotics will be held on Wednesday 30th October from 11am to 12pm at EE Auditorium.   Understand the importance of this event and make sure to mark your presence by filling the form below: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfuODVhtzm6nIv68…/viewform… #CBS #fast #nuces #Nab #SayNoTODrugs


We provide all kinds of books at your doorstep, having a vast collection of Kids, Matriculation, FA/F.Sc, O/A Level, BA/B.Sc /B.com, Law, Medical, Engineering, ...ACCA, CA, ECAT, MCAT, BCAT, NUST, GMAT, SAT, GAT, NAT, GRE, TOEFL, IELTS, PTE, CSS, PMS, PCS, FPSC, PPSC, SPSC, KPPSC, AJKPSC, NTS, PTS, WAPDA,PIA, CIA, FIA, ASF, ISSB, Educator, Army, Navy, Police, Air Force, Excise & Taxation, all other Competitive Exams, Intelligence quotient(IQ), General knowledge, English&Urdu Novel, Islamic, Literature, History, motivational, Poetry, Comic, Art, Biographies, & all other Related books.


𝐀𝐈 & 𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐂𝐚𝐫𝐞𝐞𝐫 Learn more about Artificial Intelligence, connect with Vikash Khatri, Senior Vice President AI at Afiniti and a Fast Alumni as he talks about o...pportunities in AI today. #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs #GuruTalk
 Get yourself registered for The Grand Debate as a remarkable oratory experience is just one step away. Registerations open soon!
Exhausted from daily hectic schedules? Don't think, just register; the opportunity is unmissable and the door is wide open.
𝐀𝐈 & 𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐂𝐚𝐫𝐞𝐞𝐫 Learn more about Artificial Intelligence, connect with Vikash Khatri, Senior Vice President AI at Afiniti and a Fast Alumni as he talks about o...pportunities in AI today. #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs #GuruTalk
Exhausted from daily hectic schedules? Don't think, just register; the opportunity is unmissable and the door is wide open.
 Get yourself registered for The Grand Debate as a remarkable oratory experience is just one step away. Registerations open soon!
 Regardless where you are on your writing level, you can benif...it from entering contest, as a writer. Because this contest can tell you: In this regard,the IEEE PSYWSC'19 team is organizing ‘WRITING CONTEST’ for  all the delegates from different Sections and Student Branches. The shortlisted essays will be selected for showcase at PSYWSC’19. Theme: The themes of this writing competition are: 1. Pakistan’s Energy Crisis and     Possible Solutions. 2. Societal Impact of Robotics. #IEEEExp #PSYWSC19 #IEEEStudentBranchSukkur #IEEEKarachiSection #SukkurIBAUniversity
Ishaq Bin Sadiq is a student of Knowledge with keen interest in the field of Psychology, Western Philosophy and Social Impact. He has given talks and workshops ...at various organisations such as IoBM, IBA, Rayden College, Fast, UIT, The City School, Eiwan Developments Co, etc. Every morning we get a chance to be different. A chance to change. A chance to be better. Your past is your past. Leave it there. Get on with the future part ~ Nichole Williams https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScuRsRP_1TfnjkNu…/viewform… #IshaqBinSadiq #YouthClubKhi #Reinventyourlife #CharacterBuildingSociety #FastNuces

 The DSC Web Team would like to hold an open session over Github this Thursday and would like to invite those who are in...terested to come and have a hands-on experience. The session will mainly talk about the basics of Github, the typical workflow, with some basic instructions and uses that might help you gain exposure to use code repositories available on the Internet. Also, prior to attending the event, be sure to bring your laptops/devices, as well as have a Github account set up and prepared. The session will require two software.  #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs #GitHub
 Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC
 Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC
 Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC
SHORT COURSE: Continuing Education Program SSUET is pleased to announce the Course of Augmented Reality (AR), Virtual Reality (VR) and Mixed Reality (MR). For Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfv0D81vMWWo7pA12…/viewform For More Details: Continuing Education Programme, Sir Syed University of Engineering & Technology Room # BS-01, 2nd Floor, Block –‘B’. Ph: 0213-4800420 Virtual reality (VR) implies a complete immersion experience that shuts out the physical world. Using VR devices such as HTC Vive, Oculus Rift or Google Cardboard, users can be transported into a number of real-world and imagined environments such as the middle of a squawking penguin colony or even the back of a dragon.  Welcome to the world of Unity XR! This specialization includes three courses which will explain the technologies that make XR possible, describe the unique UX concerns around developing for XR, and walk you through developing VR and AR apps for mobile devices. You will learn how Unity supports the many components of a VR app, including tracking, teleporting, interacting with virtual objects, positional audio, and much more. You’ll also see how Unity’s AR Foundation supports building handheld AR apps. XR is a field that is constantly evolving, and we’ll show you what’s on the horizon for VR and AR.  As you learn about the technology, you’ll also develop hands-on experience. Best of luck as you get started — we hope you enjoy the course and can’t wait to see what you’ll create! Prerequisites for this Course  o You don’t need any prior technical knowledge to take this course.  o If you’re familiar with markup languages (HTML, XML, etc) and content management systems, you     may be more at ease with the key concepts and techniques
Ishaq Bin Sadiq is a student of Knowledge with keen interest in the field of Psychology, Western Philosophy and Social Impact. He has given talks and workshops ...at various organisations such as IoBM, IBA, Rayden College, Fast, UIT, The City School, Eiwan Developments Co, etc. Every morning we get a chance to be different. A chance to change. A chance to be better. Your past is your past. Leave it there. Get on with the future part ~ Nichole Williams https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScuRsRP_1TfnjkNu…/viewform… #IshaqBinSadiq #YouthClubKhi #Reinventyourlife #CharacterBuildingSociety #FastNuces
Ishaq Bin Sadiq is a student of Knowledge with keen interest in the field of Psychology, Western Philosophy and Social Impact. He has given talks and workshops ...at various organisations such as IoBM, IBA, Rayden College, Fast, UIT, The City School, Eiwan Developments Co, etc. Every morning we get a chance to be different. A chance to change. A chance to be better. Your past is your past. Leave it there. Get on with the future part ~ Nichole Williams https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScuRsRP_1TfnjkNu…/viewform… #IshaqBinSadiq #YouthClubKhi #Reinventyourlife #CharacterBuildingSociety #FastNuces
Do you feel the tick, the excitement, the agitation inside of you as time passes by, as we get closer to tomorrow's Intra FAST  Parliamentary Debate?  Are you p...rimed for this convivial event? Let go of any vexation, and be prepared for a propitious debate tomorrow, that will help you learn and polish your skills for ensuing eminent debates. Here are the slots for the teams!!! #spillyourskill
 In the qualifying rounds many teams embarked... on an oratory journey of zealous debates, vigorous competition and eminent learning. The journey proved to be a gruelling one and only the crème de la crème could transition onto the next stage. However, it would be erroneous to call those who were not successful, the losers. If truth be told, they lost nothing and gained excellent guidance, skills and the confidence to improve their performance for the many more debates to come.  The vibrant competition was held among these teams: The competition ended on a high note as the last round of the day was also declared by our esteemed judges as the ‘Most Heated Round of the Day’. The topic was a precarious one: “Genocide in Kashmir” but both teams managed to keep it spirited and productive. Throughout the competition many ideas, opinions and stances were passionately exchanged and put forward each one worthy to aknowledge and applaud. 
A pathway can be followed by illuminating it with the brightest of lanterns. These individuals have taken upon themselves a prime duty of making everyone aware to the idea of our event.  Exceeding Expectations!  #HostingChampions  #NUFEST2020
"We must speak our minds openly, debate our disagreements honestly, but always pursue solidarity" For good ideas and true innovation, you need human interaction..., conflict, argument, and debate. TLC has given its students the biggest chance this year to explore and speak up the ideas that have been heaped down in their minds and hearts through the biggest event of the year THE INTRA FAST PARLIAMENTARY DEBATE 2019. And after two days of an amazing session of informative debates, today our hearty congratulations go to the winner Team D(Neha, Mustafa, Usama) for the wonderful efforts that they have made towards this two-day journey along with this team TLC would also like to congratulate the runner-up team GulBakaoli(Zeerak, Efshal, Wusutullah) who faced the winner team in the final face of, but could not make it. 
Polish your skills and be ready to fall deeper into the most electrifying adventure of the year. This time around, NU-FEST is giving you the chance of being a p...art of the ultimate championship. To let you enter into this enthusiastic ride of contests, we have opened up our registrations and therefore, NU-FEST is live! So what are you waiting for, friends? Choose your seats, lock those seat-belts as NU-FEST ignites up the engine of ambition.
NU-FEST 2020 has come knocking at your doors to carry your talents upon the excellent stage. Right here stands your chance in all its glory to showcase your fin...esse in an exciting variety of domains ranging from Sports, Dramatics, Literary and EGaming to Digital Arts.  If you feel you have it in you to make the impossible, possible; make sure you do not forget to participate. Feel the thrill and be ready to fight for the championship!
Hi fastians, Wavetec is looking for an electronics engineer. Fresh to one year experienced. Candidate must have good electronics concepts. Interested candidates can send their resume at Dilas.zooni@wavetec.com.pk
Working alone often demands a lot more than what the hardwork results in, but the same work seems effortless when in a team! With renewed vigour and limitless e...nthusiasm, we continue to stride forward, but this time with new leadership taking the wheel!
Working alone often demands a lot more than what the hardwork results in, but the same work seems effortless when in a team! With renewed vigour and limitless e...nthusiasm, we continue to stride forward, but this time with new leadership taking the wheel!
Working alone often demands a lot more than what the hardwork results in, but the same work seems effortless when in a team! With renewed vigour and limitless e...nthusiasm, we continue to stride forward, but this time with new leadership taking the wheel!
Working alone often demands a lot more than what the hardwork results in, but the same work seems effortless when in a team! With renewed vigour and limitless e...nthusiasm, we continue to stride forward, but this time with new leadership taking the wheel!
 You have the best opportunity to seek your part for the biggest episode of IEEE Pakistan at Sukkur IBA University. #IEEEExp #PSYWSC19 #SukkurIBAUniversity #IEEEStudentBranchSukkur #IEEEKarachiSection


ACM NUCES is finally here!  If you love to learn, explore or grow and you're looking for a stage then look no further! ACM NUCES, with its international footprint, gives an unprecedented opportunity to fulfill all your dreams! #ACMNUKhi #FASTNUKhi
 a. Male candidates b. Command over written and spoke English is a must since this is a multinational so the candidate will be communicating with team members of other nationalities. c. Hardworking and energetic. fresh to 1 year of experience. CS or engineering graduate 6. This is a technology management job where no development/designing will be required, however technical background will help candidates understand the flow of systems easily


Careers360 is one and only high-tech Engineering Training's center in Pakistan, we provide advanced & expert level Engineering Training's as per Pakistan and International market need. Join us and   BECOME TRAINED, EXPERT AND SKILLED ENGINEER AS PER MARKET NEED




Our voice is a knack given to us so that we can utilize it for noble purposes. Does the dream of people listening to your voice ever surpass your mind?  Well, T...LC gives you the chance of fulfilling your dream on the platform of Intra FAST Parliamentary Debating Competition. The competition has no restrictions and it's open for all. Registrations are live, so if you don't want to miss out, register as soon as possible. Stay tuned for updates. Registration Link: bit.ly/IntraFASTPDC #spillyourskill

We can feel the seconds tick by. The anticipation is rising. And the excitement is through the roof. To get you up close and personal with the happenings in thi...s electrifying event, you know as NU-FEST, we present to you our social media accounts across multiple platforms. Give them a follow to keep up with the latest developments and reach out to us for any queries.
 For this grand event, Team Grand Debate 2019 is looking fo...r candidates for the post of BRAND AMBASSADOR. Interested candidates for this position can apply by filling in the registration form from the link given below. Candidates having more influential status to bring in more applicants for the debate will be preferred for the post of Brand Ambassador. http://bit.ly/BrandAmbassador_TGD19

We can feel the seconds tick by. The anticipation is rising. And the excitement is through the roof. To get you up close and personal with the happenings in thi...s electrifying event, you know as NU-FEST, we present to you our social media accounts across multiple platforms. Give them a follow to keep up with the latest developments and reach out to us for any queries.

 We, with immense enthusiasm, gladly announce the members for the respective teams of NU-FEST who would spark up every accomplishment with their expertise. All prepared to take this festival to great summits of success, welcome aboard!
Welcome to the online book & stationary store * No need to worry about your books,notes, copies and any of your stationary item .. * you don't have to travel alot for your books... * every item is available in reasonable price ... *just book your order now to get your all stuff ... *you can also order in bulk ... For more detail call/sms/WhatsApp at  0334 3921273 Delivery charges is just 200
Sitting right in the midst of Rich Traditions and the Cultures of Sindh.... The most worthwhile experience of IEEE in the country... Don't miss the chance to attend the greatest Congress of IEEE. Mark your calendars on November 15th and witness the beauty of Sukkur 🤞🤞
 We, with immense enthusiasm, gladly announce the members for the respective teams of NU-FEST who would spark up every accomplishment with their expertise. All prepared to take this festival to great summits of success, welcome aboard!
DSC NUCES started this year with a firm stand and zeal to introduce a community of students working together for the sake of bringing students from all talents ...and ambitions at one platform. And now, here we are with much pleasure.  After an enthralling introductory session, followed by the RedBull Basement workshop, and then the inductions themselves, we received an overwhelming response from the students at FAST NUCES about their ideas, their willingness to contribute, and their unrelenting motivation drive.  So here we are, with the final list of the team members in DSC. We would like to congratulate each and every one of you for being a part of this initiative. With a strong start and a firm mindset, we wish you the greatest of lucks and the highest of hopes! #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSCNUCES #DeveloperStudentClubs
They step into the battlefield taking bold, confident strides. Their minds alert and their gaze; averted from all matters to come, fixates on their ultimate goa...l: to take NU-FEST to such great summits of success that one gets the perfect chance to walk into the limelight. 
They step into the battlefield taking bold, confident strides. Their minds alert and their gaze; averted from all matters to come, fixates on their ultimate goa...l: to take NU-FEST to such great summits of success that one gets the perfect chance to walk into the limelight. 
Good fortune is what happens when opportunity meets with planning. 

It is time to shut down your critics. Show up for The WebMasters inductions and proof them what the real talent is like. Moreover, learners are also advised to apply as we have a limited number of seats. Application Form Link: https://forms.gle/Lcaa2gVWpaWTDKF98



 Only 4 Days remain for the Early Bird Discount to end. Don't miss out on this fabulous opportunity to become a part of the most worthwh...ile IEEE Congresses in Pakistan. #IEEEExp #PSYWSC19 #IEEEStudentBranchSukkur #IEEEKarachiSection
Bored already? No problem. Get ready to exercise your brains with the latest exhilarating challenges and trials. The WebMasters is back once again in all its gl...ory and this time it comes with an all new set of opportunities. So steel yourself and get yourself registered for the introductory session via this link as soon as you can. https://forms.gle/724GhYXMdAmZcBBt7

“The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.” - Peter Drucker Limited seats are available. So, hurry up and get yourself registered through the link attached below. Link: https://forms.gle/firGKuY5iy2nm47u5 Registration fee: 400 Rs only.
“The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.” - Peter Drucker Limited seats are available. So, hurry up and get yourself registered through the link attached below. Link: https://forms.gle/firGKuY5iy2nm47u5 Registration fee: 400 Rs only.
The hype is high and the wait is over. Are you all geared up for the largest, most iconic IEEE experience? This is your chance to register and become a part of ...PSYWSC'19.
“The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.” - Peter Drucker Limited seats are available. So, hurry up and get yourself registered through the link attached below. Link: https://forms.gle/firGKuY5iy2nm47u5 Registration fee: 400 Rs only.
The spotlight dims out, as the most electrifying event of this year glimmers into the limelight and astonishes everyone through its exciting aura. Here it is, a... roller coaster set to ride down a wholesome series of undiscovered strengths; NU-FEST, the ultimate celebration of various talents.


 If you still do not have your tickets for the picnic, fret not friends, DECS extends the Welcome Party's ticket sale till tomorrow!  Don't waste any time and avail this opportunity as soon as possible by purchasing your tickets from the Cafeteria in the main building or from the EE block. #welcomeparty2k19 #sandandtanlines #beach2k19
 Stay tuned ...for more updates~
Assalam U Alaikum Dear Fastians ! https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdJone8lht50QsmxU…/viewform https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfOsf0HYzMJUwPeUs…/viewform
Everyone likes a break from the boring class schedules, right? Then what are you waiting for? Only 3 days left for you to buy your ticket or we'll be left with ...no spot for you! So hurry up and grab your tickets from cafeteria or EE block. #welcomeparty #comingsoon #tickets #firstcomefirstserve #decs2k19 #countdown
He started off his journey with theatrics, but quickly rose to the top of the ladder in the acting business. Being the first Pakistani actor to work in an India...n television series, not to mention, he won the best Sitcom Drama Writer in 2005. Be it the role of a hero, a villain or a comedian, he has played it all. This man left a legacy which paved a new definition about acting. He taught us that without wonder and insight, acting is just a business; but with it, it becomes a creation. You might know him from the famous award winning drama “Thori si wafa chahiyay”. Without further ado, let us introduce our chief guest! The man, the myth, the legend Sir Sajid Hasan. Don’t miss out on the chance to meet this great personality at the launch of NU-FEST.
After a prolonged period of stressful studies, DECS is all set to fulfill its promise of providing you some enthralling events! Can you feel the excitement? It'...s in the air! We proudly lift the suspense from our most awaited gathering of the year, the welcome party; all set to be held at the most extraordinary Hawksbay Beach! What are you waiting for then? Get ready to soak in your feet and play under the sun as the sand takes you in.

 We are all set to have you through a remarkable professional experience with IEEE, career-ori...ented workshops or the opportunity to network with the Pakistan's most talented entrepreneurs. Hurry up and register for IEEE's largest tech and innovation event, PSYWSC'19. #IEEEEXP  #IEEEKARACHISECTION  #IEEESTUDENTBRANCHSUKKURIBA  #SUKKURIBAUNIVERSITY
Assalam U Alaikum Dear Fastians ! https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdJone8lht50QsmxU…/viewform https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfOsf0HYzMJUwPeUs…/viewform
Here we introduce to you extended ex-com of Sportics 2019-20

The wait is over! Ticket sales have finally hit the floor. Grab a ticket for 500/- and get aboard with the rest of the FASTians. Drop by at the cafeteria or EE ...block latest by Thursday to make sure you are in to experience the massive fiesta! #welcomeparty #comingsoon #tickets #firstcomefirstserve #decs2k19


The clock is ticking away! Only 4 days left! As the day of excitement and joy, filled with absolute enthusiasm approaches, don't forget to grab your tickets fro...m the cafeteria or the main entrance of the EE building. We are sure you don't want to miss out on all the fun.  #welcomeparty #comingsoon #tickets #firstcomefirstserve #decs2k19 #countdown
In PAKISTAN, no formal studies are available in educational institutes which can equip a person with professional knowledge of different inputs required for the... job performance in different MNC,s & EPC companies and industries. So for getting a platform in Engineering Design and power sector specific professional training is required by the candidates. The Special professional training becomes necessary for personnel at every level in the industry to keep abreast with rapidly advancing state of- the-art in the power and engineering design industries. Power and Engineering design sector is basic, for the national development and industrialization in Pakistan, thus these different professional training programs of power and engineering design is imperative to have optimum efficiency in Pakistan and abroad. Careers360 is one and only high-tech engineering training's center in Pakistan, providing advanced level engineering training's as per Pakistan and international market

Joining us for tomorrow will be very two special people as guests, and as excellent speakers. When Red bull basement wasn't just great news, we have Malik Walee...d, a Chief Technical Officer, and Osama Tabrez, a marketing specialist and consultant at Xoop, a Pakistan based firm designed to target logistics and courier based solutions. #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSC #GoogleCommunity #redbullPakistan #DeveloperStudentClubs
Joining us for tomorrow will be very two special people as guests, and as excellent speakers. When Red bull basement wasn't just great news, we have Malik Walee...d, a Chief Technical Officer, and Osama Tabrez, a marketing specialist and consultant at Xoop, a Pakistan based firm designed to target logistics and courier based solutions. #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSC #GoogleCommunity #redbullPakistan #DeveloperStudentClubs
 The beginning of all the... fun you will experience this year, get togethers with friends filled with excitement and a lot more; DECS would excitingly like to put forward its most anticipated event of the year, Welcome Party'19! Be prepared for this overwhelming wave of surprise which will wash off all your stress and burden in a short while. #thefunbegins #beachandtanlines #decs #welcomeparty
 After receiving the overwhelming responses from candidates of different universities, Team PSYWSC'19 is very much excite...d to announce its vibrant and esteemed Brand Ambassadors!!! So, reach out to them for any information to become a part of the largest tech and innovation gathering of IEEE Karachi section at your place Sukkur IBA University, Sukkur 🤞🤞
Once again back on popular demand, The Literary Club inductions give you the opportunity to join its distinguished squad for the second time. TLC welcomes those... with a passion to learn, with a zeal to succeed, and with dreams to achieve. With our mentorship for oratory skills, writing, reading and many more prowess you will mark your place as the cream of the crop. Our team of like-minded, supportive individuals will help you hone your talents and achieve eminence in whatever you choose to pursue.  Those who are willing to learn, to work, and to strive for their goals, please join us for our second round of inductions!  Time: Tuesday 8th October 11 am - 1 pm Venue: E4
The intensity of potential is surging at great extents and we cannot possibly find a better way to contain it; therefore, we seek solutions to let it free. Team... NU-FEST is on the hunt for Brand Ambassadors who are willing to take our vision to new heights and who can turn masses into believers. Have you got what it takes? Then sign up today!  Register now: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdnvXoe9MCGE93B1…/viewform…
The intensity of potential is surging at great extents and we cannot possibly find a better way to contain it; therefore, we seek solutions to let it free. Team... NU-FEST is on the hunt for Brand Ambassadors who are willing to take our vision to new heights and who can turn masses into believers. Have you got what it takes? Then sign up today!  Register now: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdnvXoe9MCGE93B1…/viewform…
 DS...C has partnered with Redbull Basement University to bring forward its first venture. Our target this time round are enthusiastic and capable individuals who are unaware of the existence of the word 'impossible'. It is an event open for all students who have a passion to not just live but to strive forwards with a purpose.  #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSCNUCES #GoogleCommunity #developerstudentclubs
 DS...C has partnered with Redbull Basement University to bring forward its first venture. Our target this time round are enthusiastic and capable individuals who are unaware of the existence of the word 'impossible'. It is an event open for all students who have a passion to not just live but to strive forwards with a purpose.  #BuildWithGoogle #GoogleDevelopers #DSCNUCES #GoogleCommunity #developerstudentclubs

"Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important."~~ Bill Gates~~ Character Buil...ding Society wishes everyone "A Happy Teacher's Day".We want to thank our teacher's for the all effort's they have put in to make us a better person in life. #characterbuildingsociety #Teachersday
Neither of you is a workaholic or a nerd nor anyone of you wants to study 24/7, isn't it? Need a day break? Behold as DECS brings you Welcome Party 2019, where ...you will get to share beautiful memories with your friends. Venue: EE auditorium on  Day and timings: Monday, 1 to 2 pm  https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScGe_2DLqpJLkeIJ…/viewform… #welcomeparty #areyouready #Feel_The_change #DECS_2k19 #A_New_Era
1. Be aggressive 2. Be MORE aggressive 3. Never be satisfied. SPORTICS promote a healthier life style among all of us, we collocate events, competitions and als...o participate in competitions outside our own university. The aptitude of this society is not only to enhance physical abilities but nourish your mental adroitness as well.  Here we present you our society and it's Executive Committee


 #PSYWSC19 #SukkurIBAUniversity #IEEEExp #IEEEKarachiSection
 To master the art of solde...ring, TnC is conducting Soldering Workshops for all the beginners out there, to assist with the basics for the upcoming projects. As an added bonus, TnC is offering FREE REGISTRATIONS to first 60 students! So hurry up and register now to avail this early bird offer! Mark your calendars for 7th October 2019, Monday from 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm. Venue: EWS lab & EE FYP lab Link: https://forms.gle/gUQdb7sLNCz1Xac88
 To master the art of solde...ring, TnC is conducting Soldering Workshops for all the beginners out there, to assist with the basics for the upcoming projects. As an added bonus, TnC is offering FREE REGISTRATIONS to first 60 students! So hurry up and register now to avail this early bird offer! Mark your calendars for 7th October 2019, Monday from 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm. Venue: EWS lab & EE FYP lab Link: https://forms.gle/gUQdb7sLNCz1Xac88

Explore the pages below to learn about practical courses for professional development. You'll find the resources and professional insights you need to create la...sting success in a competitive global marketplace. 
Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready to have your mind ignited with creativity? To feel inspired to chase your dreams? To explore your talents with a group of he...lpful and supporting peers? Look no further because The Literary Club is back with a bang. We are ready to kick it off with an invigorating and fun-packed introductory session that has something for everyone. So save the date and don’t forget to bring your friends along because this is not an opportunity to be missed.  Time: Thursday October 3rd 2019 10am to 12pm Venue: Main Auditorium #TLC2K19

Missed our last inductions session?  No problem, Mids give us all a real hard time. Cheer up, TnC is inducting AGAIN!  Do not miss the astounding opportunity th...is time. Venue: EE Conference Room
Internships will be offered to selected candidates and we also consider him for available and upcoming jobs. Limited seats available. 61% discount voucher for Cisco Industrial Certification and lifetime access on Cisco Academy Portal and subscription to Cisco Job Portal. Last Few Days left for Cisco & Microsoft Professional Certification course registration in NUCES FAST CISCO ACADEMY, ISLAMABAD.  * Microsoft Server 2016 (MCSA) * Microsoft Server 2016 (MCSE) Class timings will be 05:00 pm to 07:00 pm in weekdays or on Weekends 09:00 am to 12:00 pm or accordingly to student’s availability. Special discount for 4 or more group candidates. NUCES FAST UNIVERSITY, IT Server Room, A.K. Brohi Road, H-11/4, NUCES FAST UNIVERSITY, Islamabad
Here's the registration link for Visitors. Visitor registration is 200 rupees, visitors must fill this form if they want to visit AIRTECH'19. *This form is not ...for participants* https://forms.gle/ABM6gTKN7s9CdyLY8 BRACE YOURSELVES.  AIRTECH'19: 4TH - 6TH OCTOBER 2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Here's the registration link for Visitors. Visitor registration is 200 rupees, visitors must fill this form if they want to visit AIRTECH'19. *This form is not ...for participants* https://forms.gle/ABM6gTKN7s9CdyLY8 BRACE YOURSELVES.  AIRTECH'19: 4TH - 6TH OCTOBER 2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
In today’s world, Pakistan has lots of engineering colleges and universities(Govt. plus Private) but the students who pass the engineering and technology degree... successfully, fail to gain job in their respective field. The Careers360 offer highly specialized knowledge and training for those seeking to learn from peers operating at the highest levels of their chosen disciplines. We can help you access deep insights and uncover new opportunities for your career. Explore the pages below to learn about practical real world engineering training programs for professional development. You'll find the resources and professional insights you need to create lasting success in a competitive global marketplace. We assure you 100% jobs placement assistance after trainings.
Sahir Ali Bagga will be Live at Air University in AirTech'19 on 5th October. Get your tickets as soon as possible. For tickets contact Faseeh Ahmad 0312 1881996...  Sardar Usama Sabir 0312 9825614 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity
Sahir Ali Bagga will be Live at Air University in AirTech'19 on 5th October. Get your tickets as soon as possible. For tickets contact Faseeh Ahmad 0312 1881996...  Sardar Usama Sabir 0312 9825614 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity

The Careers360 offer highly specialized knowledge Engineering Training's & Careers counseling for those seeking to learn from peers operating at the highest lev...els of their chosen disciplines. We can help you access deep insights and uncover new opportunities for your career. We provide 100%job placement assistance, guaranteed👍🏻

Sahir Ali Bagga will be Live at Air University in AirTech'19 on 5th October. Get your tickets as soon as possible. For tickets contact Faseeh Ahmad 0312 1881996...  Sardar Usama Sabir 0312 9825614 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity
The Careers360 offer highly specialized knowledge Engineering Training's & Careers counseling for those seeking to learn from peers operating at the highest lev...els of their chosen disciplines. We can help you access deep insights and uncover new opportunities for your career. We provide 100%job placement assistance, guaranteed👍🏻 Explore the pages below to learn about practical courses for professional development. You'll find the resources and professional insights you need to create lasting success in a competitive global marketplace. 
Only 8 days left!!! Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https://forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE...8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Following are the rules for all the Computer Science department event!  For further queries, contact: Arsalan (Departmental head)  +92 308 3162302 AirTech'19: 4...th - 6th October #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
 Fill this form:  https://forms.gle/b47aV1XKsCYeHvZ19 #Think_N_Create #WeAreBack #CreativeThinking_InfiniteSolutions
Booking of Food stalls is now open for AirTech'19! Contact  Hassaan Iqbal for further information! Contact: 03359344822 03055524249 #AirTech19 #TechForLife ... #AirUniversity
The Careers360 offer highly specialized knowledge and training for those seeking to learn from peers operating at the highest levels of their chosen disciplines.... They can help you access deep insights and uncover new opportunities for your career. Careers360 is one and only high tech engineering trainings center in Pakistan, we provide advanced level engineering trainings as per Pakistan and international market  Our all training programs 100% job supported, and career boosting. Explore the pages below to learn about practical courses for professional development. You'll find the resources and professional insights you need to create lasting success in a competitive global marketplace. 
Guess, it’s time to connect with the coolest Pakistani digital nomad at the DSC NUCES Launch! 🎉 Meet Saad Hamid, the Developer Community Manager at Google, prev...iously served as CEO at DEMO which provides consultancy, training, services, and research in impact-driven verticals of innovation, entrepreneurship, skills development, technology, and communication. Saad loves to call himself a digital evangelist and we couldn't agree more! With a penchant for travel, meeting diverse people, celebrating new ideas and adding doses of inspiration to wherever he goes. Of course, here he is already nailing it. Saad has previously been affiliated with Invest2Innovate which is a premier accelerator for startups. He has over 10 years of experience in digital marketing, startup consulting, innovation management, design thinking, digital strategy, brand development, community impact, and training and has had opportunity to work with TED, WEF, IDEO, UNICEF, UNDP, Upwork, World Bank, UKAid, Telenor and Mobilink on various projects and initiatives related to community building, ICTs for Development, E-solutions & Freelancing, Digital Marketing and Design Thinking. He is also a Global Shaper at World Economic Forum, TED-Ed Innovator and an Acumen Fellow. Besides being a successful tech-preneur, Saad believes that his biggest accomplishment lies in the community he has built and the people he helped in becoming leaders of the future.  On a pursuit to empower communities and building an ecosystem with ideas, knowledge, skills, and technology. We are so excited to host him for the #ExpertHour at the DSC NUCES Launch on Wednesday, 18th September 2019. So mark your calendars and join us at the DSC Launch!
 Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link... given below: https://forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife #AirUniversity
Careers360 is one and only high tech engineering trainings center in Pakistan, we provide advanced level engineering trainings as per Pakistan and international market  Our all training programs 100% job supported, and career boosting
Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
The Careers360 offer highly specialized knowledge and training for those seeking to learn from peers operating at the highest levels of their chosen disciplines.... We can help you access deep insights and uncover new opportunities for your career. Explore the pages below to learn about practical courses for professional development. You'll find the resources and professional insights you need to create lasting success in a competitive global marketplace.
Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Registration for AirTech’19 is officially open Hurry up and register yourself You can register via ambassador or independently via the link given below: https:/.../forms.gle/R1BWt3anRjKNLpkE8 AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #TechForLife  #AirUniversity
Here's the list of winning prizes of all events for AirTech'19. Registration will be opened soon. BRACE YOURSELVES. AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #T...echForLife  #AirUniversity
Registration Fee Details along with Max. Members  For AirTech'19  Registration will be opened soon BRACE YOURSELVES AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #T...echForLife  #AirUniversity
Registration Fee Details along with Max. Members  For AirTech'19  Registration will be opened soon BRACE YOURSELVES AIRTECH'19 : OCTOBER 4-6 ,2019 #AirTech19 #T...echForLife  #AirUniversity
Let ur teachers and love once know that u have respect, love and feelings for them.


We are urgently looking for skilled “Electrical Engineer (Design)” for reputed engineering organization.  Qualification: Masters / Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from renowned educational institutes with PEC registration will be preferred.  Experience: 8-10 years with reputed consulting firms. Position Type: Full time Vacancy: 02... Location: Karachi, Pakistan  Apply at: engineersrecruiters@gmail.com  Subject: Electrical Engineer (Design)
Sr. Design Engineer required at Reon Energy Limited. The position will be responsible for solar design working, implementation of standards for solar design, team capacity building, low voltage and medium voltage electrical design, working with cross functional teams to optimize designs,  carrying out detailed site surveys, preparing BOQs, etc.  Qualifcation: BE/ME (Electrical) Experience: Atleast 5 years of relevant experience Location: Karachi To apply, please email your resume at hr@reonenergy.com

Complete Electronics Engineering Animated Tutorials. Subscribe our channel. 
Kindly like this page for regular engineering jobs updates.
 The ideal candidate will be responsible for assisting the Sr.Project Engineer, Engineering manager and Project team with project documentation and control, design reviews with its optimizations, procurement, scheduling, construction/execution and commissioning supervision efforts. In order to be successful, this candidate should feel comfortable taking on many tasks that require various skills, and appropriatel...y prioritizing those tasks' completion.  Work in parallel with Design team including Process, Mechanical, Civil, I&E. Assist with on-site management to ensure project success Ensure project plan is moving forward to meet anticipated deadlines Coordination with design team, procurement, construction managers and vendors. Client and sub-contractor handling Bachelor's degree in Mechanical (+MBA would be preferred) 3-5 years of experience as a project coordinator, project engineer. Strong experience in Design/Construction/Project Management. Familiarity with rules, regulations, best practices and performance standards of ASME / Knowledge of Costing and handling of EPCC Projects  hashtag #projects  hashtag #sitemanagement  hashtag #projectengineer  hashtag #design  hashtag #projectcoordinator 
FREE STUDY (MBBS,M.PHIL,PHD) https://www.facebook.com/FREESTUDYINCHINAPAKISTAN/
Do u recommend Electrical engineering from fast Islamabad





Allow yourself to be a beginner because no one starts off being excellent.  This summer, get those creative juices running down your spine and let them drip all... over the canvas on your computer screen. Believe us when it comes to explaining complex matters and learn to add graphs/images over texts and much more to design a subtle art piece. Reserve your seat now! https://docs.google.com/…/1vvPCBZ4aqPGJRBjOwl4UBch9kBH3Jdqu…
Clock’s ticking away people. It’s time for you - Ambassadors. Don’t miss out on the opportunity to represent ITEC’19; mega tech event of the year. Hurry up and ...register yourselves. Apply as brand ambassador here: https://tinyurl.com/itec19-ambassadors #ITEC19 #EmpoweredbyInnovation



Are you world class enough to score jaw dropping goals? Do you consider yourself a proficient marksman who can kill the opponent with a single headshot? The hig...h octane gaming event is here - A competitive tournament for all technophile gamers so let’s see, if you have got what it takes. #ITEC19 #EmpoweredbyInnovation
­The industrial revolution in this era is, in essence, a scientific and technological revolution. We are surrounded by problems and you have the solutions. Come... forward! Pitch your idea, defend it and elaborate its ingeniousness. Your idea just might be the disruption that people have always longed! Come forth and DEFEND IT! #ITEC19 #EmpoweredbyInnovation
Registration Open! Limited seats For More Detais Visit........ www.nitt.pk +923165545411... +923171577797
The most thrilling event of the year ITEC '19 brings to you,  'Code Brawl' - an enthralling competition for all passionate developers so lets see if you have what it takes to win! #ITEC19 #EmpoweredbyInnovation
­The industrial revolution in this era is, in essence, a scientific and technological revolution. We are surrounded by problems and you have the solutions. Come... forward! Pitch your idea, defend it and elaborate its ingeniousness. Your idea just might be the disruption that people have always longed! Come forth and DEFEND IT! #ITEC19 #EmpoweredbyInnovation
Alhumdulillah . . Done with another plantation activity at Ahmed Raza  Masjid. Thanks to Mumaiz Ahmed Waqas Siddiqui Lucky Uzair Rafay Khan and all of you  ND Ain UR RaZa & Sohaib Siddiqui 🤔🤔
The most thrilling event of the year ITEC '19 brings to you,  'Code Brawl' - an enthralling competition for all passionate developers so lets see if you have what it takes to win! #ITEC19 #EmpoweredbyInnovation
FOR MORE DETAILS VISIT www.nitt.pk www.facebook.com/nitt.pk/ +923165545411 +923171577797
#FREE_STUDY_IN_CHINA #Chongqing  • #major for #masters (3 years) * #environmental engineering  *Clean energy science ... * #material chemistry and physics  * #signal and information processing  • #scholarship coverage  #Registration free  #Tuition fee free  #Insurance free  1400 rmb #monthly #stipend  • last date for apply  25 #may FOR MORE DETAILS  03431207552 AA NIAZI TOURS & TRAVELS 41- 1st Floor Kohi Noor.1 Jaranwala Road, Faisalabad https://www.facebook.com/FREESTUDYINCHINAPAKISTAN https://www.facebook.com/aaniazitours
Our Lead trainer, Ersah Behzad was invited at Iqra university as a Guest Speaker in the social awareness program arranged by "We are Pakistan" Foundation. She e...nlightened the audience with the  philosophy  that "Life is a web" and we all re connected by energies. All our actions have an unavoidable impact on our society and therefore we should strive to pay our share of contribution in the betterment of this and the next generations.
Brain was gratified to be the Training Partner in Developers' Day held in FAST University on 17th of April, 2019. Every age has its own form of storytelling, an...d games play a vital role in our culture. Our team made sure to provide an exhilarating learning and fun experience to our visitors by offering tricky challenges and mind games. We also maintained a healthy competition, by rewarding the participants with exciting prizes.  So guys, did you enjoy the activities? What was your favorite game/part of the day?



 Regards, Team BRAIN
Today we carried out the plantation activity in St.judge church the fathers of the church also graced this activity by their presence. The main purpose of this ...activity was to keep our lovely city, our beloved country and our beautiful planet green and contribute to the greater cause of curbing the harmful climatic changes by planting more and more trees across the city. This time the special motive behind this activity was the inter-religion harmony. The team planted the trees and wishes to dedicate this activity to the victims of Srilankan church attacks. Our thoughts prayers and this plantation drive go to the families of deceased. We want to deliver this strong message that we Muslims in general and Pakistanis in particular are peace loving people and stand by the victims in this time of trouble and distress.
Can you avoid the obstacle??? If not, then let your robot do this for you. Sentec hosting yet another competition in this year’s mperc “robo road”. A great chan...ce to show your hidden potentials in devising a manually operated robot and beating  the rest. As the robot is yours and the road is ours. Make sure your robot ace it in most convincing manner avoiding the hindrances and reaching the milestone with ease and winning the competition. Its all about your think-tank and the perfection you persue in your robot! Your robot accuracy rate your ranking. Lets gather the ideas going and leave an impact in this year mega event! Sentec awaits you so why delay!! The rulebook for the Roborush Competition is out 💥 https://docs.google.com/…/1sl4a9KJBNO1IOyVDHPkqkV…/viewform…

 Do you have what it takes to ...land that interview? Is your Resume quintessential enough? Well say no more cause FMS is back with a Bang!  We proudly present “The Business Conference” this session will aid you in making the best C.V not to mention, how to nail your job interview.  The Job market is a tricky place and knowing how to survive is an art and we’re here to teach it to you, through this session. Don’t miss your chance to get to know the opportunities of the Job market and benefit as much as you can when Job hunting. So join us on Friday 3rd May, 2019 in the EE auditorium.
The role of the media is critical in promoting good governance and controlling corruption. It not only raises public awareness about corruption, its causes, con...sequences and possible remedies but also investigates and reports incidences of corruption. The effectiveness of the media, in turn, depends on access to information and freedom of expression, as well as a professional and ethical cadre of investigative journalists.
Education breeds confidence, confidence breeds hope and hope breeds peace the idea that stimulates the sight of Brain enhancing the self command of youth, glazi...ng the moment and brighten up the future. Dreams and Goals Set By Muhammad Sohaib Kamran and then the Pathway to Achieve them and how to be the one who you dreamt to be by  Saad Affandi . This Energetic Crowd showed that they are the Future of this Nation and that they Believe that KAL HAMARA HAI.
Dear all engineers add yourself in this group for latest job updates.
 Mr. Lohana’s professional interests are Information Systems, Information System Audit, Software Engineering, Human Computer Interaction, Power Engineering, Engineering & Technology Management, and Engineering ...IT Education. During his tenure as a chair IEEE R10 Humanitarian Technology Activities Committee in 2018, he has conducted different workshops in international conferences. He also served as chair and vice chair of IEEE Karachi Section for about eight years and currently he is representing Pakistan in IEEE Region 10 Executive committee. He holds the portfolio of Chair IEEE R10 MD (Membership Development) Committee (2019). Registration fee: 600 rupees for the 2 days conference! Avail 40% discount on PR drive on spot registration! #IEEE #WIE #NUST #PNEC #CONFEX19 #Conference #Projects #FYPs #Contest #TheNextIndustrialRevolution
As a feedback is important for a system to control itself, a feedback is also important for projects to improve themselves. TnC, providing this opportunity to t...he 3rd year students of Electrical Engineering, is organizing a Project Showcase for the course Feedback Control System. Details mentioned below.
There is a storm headed your way. There seems to be no escape in sight. You have to wrap a cloth around your face and keep walking.
There is a storm headed your way. There seems to be no escape in sight. You have to wrap a cloth around your face and keep walking.
 https://drive.google.com/…/1Ob_ToKGco9jXnOV2sHICcb4cs…/...view… For online registration: https://forms.gle/af9UeDV48aKuVuNu9



CPT brings to you something unique. A workshop on Freelancing and Digital Marketing. Homework Pakistan is coming to FAST on Monday, the 22nd of April, and they ...bring for you a vast area of learning in a variety of fields. From freelancing to graphic designing to digital marketing, right up to content writing, they present to you a variety of fields to choose from. With multiple areas to test your hand, improve on, or learn a new skill, Homework Pakistan, is your go to. #freelancing #digitalmarketing #CPT #HomeworkPakistan #FAST #CPT_NUCES
CPT brings to you something unique. A workshop on Freelancing and Digital Marketing. Homework Pakistan is coming to FAST on Monday, the 22nd of April, and they ...bring for you a vast area of learning in a variety of fields. From freelancing to graphic designing to digital marketing, right up to content writing, they present to you a variety of fields to choose from. With multiple areas to test your hand, improve on, or learn a new skill, Homework Pakistan, is your go to. #freelancing #digitalmarketing #CPT #HomeworkPakistan #FAST #CPT_NUCES


Attention soon to be Engineers! Fasten your seatbelts!  IEEE NUST PNEC Student Branch and IEEE - WIE NUST PNEC Chapter brings to you "CONFEX 19". CONFEX'19 comprises of a 2 days conference on the theme "The Next Industrial Revolution" in parallel with a project competition, "Tech-Contest" for the students to exhibit their ideas and engineering projects. So mark your calenders and join us with the leaders of tomorrow to ride in the revolutionizing industrial era! https://www.facebook.com/events/2081431778814645/?ti=cl #IEEE #WIE #NUST #PNEC #CONFEX19 #Conference #Projects #FYPs #Contest #TheNextIndustrialRevolution
 Do you wan...t to be part of our female-powered community of freelancers where we provide you with work that you can complete according to your own schedule at the location most convenient for you?  Join our Data Analyst, Engineering, Content Writing, Design teams and more... Requirements: - English fluency - Bachelors degree or currently enrolled in Bachelors program (Masters/Ph.D. is a plus) - Eligible if you are willing to work remotely from the Middle East or South Asia - Available to contribute minimum of 25 hours weekly based on your schedule - Computer access with stable internet and a Google Drive - Meticulous, giving high attention to detail - Willingness to learn and a growth mindset Apply at www (dot) odetta (dot) ai/apply



Grab the pass and fasten your seats cuz...we're going dé tour!....ECHO! YES! The TnC society is here once again with an enthusiastic tour at "The Artistic Milli...ners". While we're at it, let us tell you that this one's gonna be an astonishing experience for y'all. Because, ARTISTIC MILLINERS, is a denim textile company which has been manufacturing clothing for decades. And they have this gigantic plant, generating power of their own that you need to perceive. They'll give you the tour around their premises as well.
Grab the pass and fasten your seats cuz...we're going dé tour!....ECHO! YES! The TnC society is here once again with an enthusiastic tour at "The Artistic Milli...ners". While we're at it, let us tell you that this one's gonna be an astonishing experience for y'all. Because, ARTISTIC MILLINERS, is a denim textile company which has been manufacturing clothing for decades. And they have this gigantic plant, generating power of their own that you need to perceive. They'll give you the tour around their premises as well.
 https://drive.google.com/…/1Ob_ToKGco9jXnOV2sHICcb4cs…/...view… For online registration: https://forms.gle/af9UeDV48aKuVuNu9
Majestic nature, luminary core and an amazing past:indeed it is Sibisoft we're echoing about. Being the biggest star of  its own galaxy, Sibisoft brings life to... the thriving universe of software solutions. Supported by its culture of integrity, openness  professionalism, respect and teamwork, Sibisoft has transformed into a collosal structure, adding new heights to the range of  viable software solutions. Guess what? Sibisofts' legacy doesn't end here. Beginning a new tale of glory and greatness, Sibisoft has decided to sponsor ABL Developers' Day 2019.
Every competition is a test of skills and each challenge an opportunity. Once again, time is tolling its bell as the moment to shine on the ultimate stage, is f...inally here. So, dive right into the details to learn more about the ones that you want to get in register!
 Team Developers' Day radiates a feeling of immense pride and incredible content in welcoming Allied Bank Limited as the Main Sponsor for Developers' Day 2019. We hope to strive past the point of utmost excellence with them on-board.
Every competition is a test of skills and each challenge an opportunity. Once again, time is tolling its bell as the moment to shine on the ultimate stage, is f...inally here. So, dive right into the details to learn more about the ones that you want to get in register!


When the brightest stars align, even the darkest of nights become luminous. Presenting our sponsors, the stars of our industry, collaborating with ABL Developer...s' Day 2019 to guide you towards success!

The world of technology is ever evolving, diversified, and easily leaves an impact on daily life. Developers' Day 2019 brings a once in a lifetime platform for ...all the tech talented individuals to showcase their developmental and managing skills as MATZ Solutions sponsors one of the most innovative and thrilling competitions, Mobile Application  Development.  Get ready to test your aptitude, and mark your flag over the fort as it does not get better than this! To register visit: http://www.developersday.pk/
The biggest adventure you can take is to follow your dreams and passion. Your dreams make you rise above horizons and go beyond limits. Brain, an innovative you...th organization, believes in you and your alluring dreams. Therefore, it is a great pleasure for Developers' Day 2019 to welcome them as our training partner for this ebullient event!
A beautiful path does not need to invite people; the beauty itself is already an open invitation!

The biggest adventure you can take is to follow your dreams and passion. Your dreams make you rise above horizons and go beyond limits. Brain, an innovative you...th organization, believes in you and your alluring dreams. Therefore, it is a great pleasure for Developers' Day 2019 to welcome them as our training partner for this ebullient event!

AIChE NEDUET in collaboration with AIChE DUET presents you the second module "Who's the Sherlock". Are you good at sleuthing? Try solve a mystery.
 This session will be beneficial for CS, EE and Management Sciences students as he will also discuss the availability of Oracle tools and services free of cost for the students. https://forms.gle/ovK2BG4GAskREcSZA
"One piece of log creates a small fire,adequate to warm you up,add just a few more pieces to blast an immense bonfire, large enough to warm up your entire circl...e of friends, needless to stay that individuality counts but teamwork dynamites." A team is formed with a dream and that's what BRAIN thrives to maneuver in passionate individuals to conquer what's in front of them with an idea of eternal success. The tremendously successful event conducted by Saad Affandi and Muhammad Sohaib Kamran with Team BRAIN at FAST-NUCES Karachi on 15th March 2019, in collaboration with Character Building Society(CBS). #BRAIN #OneTeamOneDream #OTOD #TeamBuilding #SaadAffandi #MuhammadSohaibKamran #CBS #FASTNUCES #15thMarch2019
"One piece of log creates a small fire,adequate to warm you up,add just a few more pieces to blast an immense bonfire, large enough to warm up your entire circl...e of friends, needless to stay that individuality counts but teamwork dynamites." A team is formed with a dream and that's what BRAIN thrives to maneuver in passionate individuals to conquer what's in front of them with an idea of eternal success. The tremendously successful event conducted by Saad Affandi and Muhammad Sohaib Kamran with Team BRAIN at FAST-NUCES Karachi on 15th March 2019, in collaboration with Character Building Society(CBS). #BRAIN #OneTeamOneDream #OTOD #TeamBuilding #SaadAffandi #MuhammadSohaibKamran #CBS #FASTNUCES #15thMarch2019
"One piece of log creates a small fire,adequate to warm you up,add just a few more pieces to blast an immense bonfire, large enough to warm up your entire circl...e of friends, needless to stay that individuality counts but teamwork dynamites." A team is formed with a dream and that's what BRAIN thrives to maneuver in passionate individuals to conquer what's in front of them with an idea of eternal success. The tremendously successful event conducted by Saad Affandi and Muhammad Sohaib Kamran with Team BRAIN at FAST-NUCES Karachi on 15th March 2019, in collaboration with Character Building Society(CBS). #BRAIN #OneTeamOneDream #OTOD #TeamBuilding #SaadAffandi #MuhammadSohaibKamran #CBS #FASTNUCES #15thMarch2019
One Size Fits All! Unveiling the first module of EPSILON'19, "Chase De Explore". Are you the convergent thinker? Analyse the problems of given remote area and s...uggest the best solution!
The society today, is in need of recognition for various types of skills in different fields. We, at Developers' Day '19, strive to pave an obstacle-less pathwa...y for all such individuals that have been nourishing their skills by working over projects. We radiate an immense feeling of pride to announce our sponsorship with GoodCore Software, a firm that offers jobs and facilitates its employees with the best work environment. The aforementioned company has agreed to join hands with us in this exhibit of career opportunities and will be present there to contribute in providing uncountable opportunities to all participants.

Rising victors, hard-to-tackle problems, rivalry between experienced competitors, and their likes critically describes the competitions that will be one of the ...most exciting events at Developers' Day 2019. If you have been busy with your schedule for a few days, and haven't gotten the chance to part take for the the upcoming tournament, here is a list of the events along with the size of the teams to help you pick your allies.  Be quick! Register quickly to guarantee a safe spot for your teammates, and to be a part of the one of the most well-known occasions to come out of FAST NU, Developers' Day!
Can you name a tech company that has been involved in the production and establishment of more than 10 brands, has been here longer than 8 years, and has worked... in about 7 industries? We certainly can, and that name is Gaditek ! Gaditek, which has been a proud sponsor of Developers' Day in the past, has helped develop multiple software, including the likes of MandiExpress, SquatWolf, CloudWays, SuperCrpy, BitBloxx with projects nearing completion to rise on the horizon.

Dear all engineers add yourself in this group for latest job updates.

With an emphasis on quality, Geeks of Kolachi are a team of talented developers that accentuate your business by delivering mobile and web applications with a k...een focus on user experience. Moreover, they offer cloud technology for your business so that you can meet the demands of today's fast-paced economy. We welcome Geeks of Kolachi as our sponsor for Developers' Day 2019!

Dear all engineers add yourself in this group for latest job updates.
The Wait Is Over! AIChE NEDUET introduces it's first mega event "Epsilon'19" in collaboration with AIChE DUET. Be ready to experience the most exciting event ba...sed on 5 different modules. Do not miss this opportunity to polish your technical skills and enhance your general knowledge. Stay tuned for more updates!
Today plantation activity Army public school  owsam 🤗 🤗 These sweet kids are role model for us 💖

The DIS-100G Series Gigabit Industrial Unmanaged Switches are equipped with a variety of port combinations including 10/100/1000BASE-T non-PoE or PoE ports, and... SFP ports. These switches feature a robust design making them ideal for deployment in industrial and outdoor cabinet surveillance settings, capable of withstanding the harshest environments. In addition, the DIS-100G Series are Plug-and-Play, allowing for eﬀortless and swift deployment.
Best Girls Hostel in Islamabad *Three times meal *Ups backup 24 hrs *Cafeteria facility available (no need to go outside for junk food) ... *Beauty Parlor *Near metro bus stop *Nayatel High Speed *Car parking *Cubical Rooms and sharing  rooms *Luxury bedrooms with attached washrooms *Walking distance to NUML University,  Iqra University,  SZABIST,  Shifa International Hospital Islamabad, Preston University, the city school,  Beaconhouse , GSIS School & College, Shifa Medical College, STMU *Pick and drop available in very reasonable packages for Islamic, Fast, Al huda international, Ripha medical college, Air University, Bahria, Quaid e azam University.
The Wait Is Over! AIChE NEDUET introduces it's first mega event "Epsilon'19" in collaboration with AIChE DUET. Be ready to experience the most exciting event ba...sed on 5 different modules. Do not miss this opportunity to polish your technical skills and enhance your general knowledge. Stay tuned for more updates!




The positive responses of our sponsors is the energy that hones our ability to make it past the obstacles and reach out to the audience, the students. Take for ...example this interview from the past Developers' Day event, where a member of TPS Worldwide shares his great expectations and hopes from everyone planning to attend the glamorous occasion, welcoming and inviting one and all to contribute to the CS community by being a part of Developers' Day 2019, and in the years more to come, all the while congratulating the management and the sponsors of upholding a long tradition here at FAST NU Khi.

The land with history of sacrifices, droplets of blood of brave martyrs, sweats of farmers, scowls of poor, stress of a struggling individual but the wind still... blows today with enthusiasm, joy and a living spirit of sacrificing all on the motherland, We are still proud of our country We are still living for it and we will be always ready to shed whatever it asks. Pakistan is a country of people determined to safeguard their freedom, integrity and sovereignty, who shall never give in to the forces having a bad eye to it. Team BRAIN Congratulates you wholeheartedly on Pakistan Day.
Security is a feeling and a reality. You can feel secure even though you're not, and you can be secure even though you don't feel it. Symantec corporation makes... security real and it's effects visible. Serving more than 50 million people around the globe, as well as providing strategic cyber security solutions in infrastructure and cloud technology, Symantec retains the world's largest civilian cyber intelligence networks.  We are proud to partner with Symantec as one of our esteemed sponsors for Developers' Day 2019!




In the world of today, data stands out as a driver of growth, change, and success for the companies of today. Deeply rooted in this philosophy, is qordata-- a d...ata analytics and integration firm that uses cutting-edge tools to help their partners in pharmaceutical, medical and biotech industries, make educated, data-based decisions. We are excited to announce them as our sponsors for Developers' Day 2019!


Meet Junaid Zafar, one of our freshest prodigy, out to conquer the world. Come and interact with him in the "Alumni Back Home" session and get aware of the current market and job majors for  the big corporations.
Need an answer to the growing demands of a developing world?  Meet MATZ Solutions, a consortium dedicated to facilitating the growing cloud platform, specializi...ng to provide easy, fast, reliable and efficient ways to help you grow your business in the field of education, governance, activism and security. The company pays utmost attention to detail, supporting you to grow a stable hold in a digitizing world, and to get an edge over your competitors.  We are proud to have such an aspiring entity on board with us as the Innovation Partner for Developers' Day 2019!

Afiniti offers a unique AI solution to enterprises which pairs callers and agents out of sequence on the basis of subtle behavioural characteristics, leading to... more successful interactions and measurable increases in enterprise profitability. Operating globally, Afiniti has driven billions of dollars in incremental value to its clients.




The moment has come for all the ambitious and driven individuals on campus to realize their highest potential and tap into their creative self. With Developers’... Day 2019 just around the corner, we invite you to the first round of inductions for the chance to join and meet the vibrant team that makes it the right combination of learning, fun and street-smart innovation. Form link: https://goo.gl/forms/91BeNs7mJlIansjH2
As Developers' Day 2019 approaches and all pieces fall together to potray the legacy of this auspicious event, let's light up the mashal to mark the commencemen...t of another iteration of this saga. Get upclose and experience the unfamiliar lives of professionals in the field, the motivation that fuels the engines at software enterprises, and who the forerunners of this industry are! Want to know more? Mark your calendars and we will see you at the Introductory Session!
As Developers' Day 2019 approaches and all pieces fall together to potray the legacy of this auspicious event, let's light up the mashal to mark the commencemen...t of another iteration of this saga. Get upclose and experience the unfamiliar lives of professionals in the field, the motivation that fuels the engines at software enterprises, and who the forerunners of this industry are! Want to know more? Mark your calendars and we will see you at the Introductory Session!
Team TLC would like to extend a sincere thanks to the audience and all the participants of the Intra FAST Declamation Contest. As Komal Abbasi, the English Judge, stated "everyone is a winner, there are no losers"; it was their mere ardour that got some over the edge.

Developers' Day 2019 is excited to announce that our Snapchat account is now up, live and running! Follow us on Snapchat to get the latest updates and news abou...t this extravaganza. Connect with us through :
Need an answer to the growing demands of a developing world?  Meet MATZ Solutions, a consortium dedicated to facilitating the growing cloud platform, specializi...ng to provide easy, fast, reliable and efficient ways to help you grow your business in the field of education, governance, activism and security. The company pays utmost attention to detail, supporting you to grow a stable hold in a digitizing world, and to get an edge over your competitors.  We are proud to have such an aspiring entity on board with us as the Innovation Partner for Developers' Day 2019!
 A common vision to work together towards accomplishing o...rganizational objectives is the fuel that allows an individual to attain uncommon results. The basis for the embodiment of an organization lies within a team. Come join BRAIN and  find the team builder and a volunteer within.
Developers' Day brings about an immense surge of healthy competitiveness and rivalry between different institutions.  Our reigning champion is UBIT, but would t...hat change this year? Or will they manage to maintain their victory streak?  The air is thick with curiosity and wonder; who will lift the trophy this time?
Today plantation activity govt degree 11b girls college  Plantation awareness camping for youth
 To register, visit: http://tinyurl.com/9thAghaHassanAbediDC
We asked, you answered! When you are so close to your goal, sometimes, just going through the motions can get a bit tedious. To liven things up, we quizzed you ...on yet another tid-bit from the tech/programming playbook. Let's see how well you fared!
Need an answer to the growing demands of a developing world?  Meet MATZ Solutions, a consortium dedicated to facilitating the growing cloud platform, specializi...ng to provide easy, fast, reliable and efficient ways to help you grow your business in the field of education, governance, activism and security. The company pays utmost attention to detail, supporting you to grow a stable hold in a digitizing world, and to get an edge over your competitors.  We are proud to have such an aspiring entity on board with us as the Innovation Partner for Developers' Day 2019!

Want to have all the details about Developers' Day 2019 at your fingertips?  Then, add up our Twitter handle and be the first one to get the latest updates as y...ou keep track of the biggest event of the tech industry!
In accordance with the continuation of the Python series by AIMLC, ACM announces with utter delight yet another workshop, this time highlighting PyTorch, for it...s vast capability to handle functions necessary for Deep Learning.  With our very own AIMLC Head, Sanjay Haresh taking the podium, be sure to join us for this exceptional experience; you might get to learn a new skill!
 Link to Instagram: http://tinyurl.com/y3r4hgqk Link to Twitter: http://tinyurl.com/y3tmhecg
We asked, you answered! When you are so close to your goal, sometimes, just going through the motions can get a bit tedious. To liven things up, we quizzed you ...on yet another tid-bit from the tech/programming playbook. Let's see how well you fared!
Programming is binary. It's a mix-bag of Highs and Lows, 1s and 0s -- literally and figuratively. Often, the answer is on your fingertips right away. And someti...mes, the simplest of problems can throw you for a loop and keep you scratching your head. Here is another test to put you through your paces and prepare you for all the 1s and 0s ahead.
What’s better than capturing your talent in lenses?  Picturing lives and getting benefits along with it.  Team FMS provides you all with a platform to showcase ...your skills with the camera. Participate in the video challenge competition, ‘Life at FSM’ video making competition and get a chance to win 5000 rupees, along with winner shield and certificate.  Runners up of the blazing competition are also in for a treat as they will also get shields and certificates. The participants would also not go empty handed and will also be provided participation certificates.  So what are you waiting for? Ready! Get! Set! Capture! For registrations click on the link below http://bit.ly/LifeAtFSM
Its great to be updated with the best networks. Follow us and get enlighten by the events and sessions we conduct for a better tomorrow. #Brain #LetsGrowtogether #Facebook #Instagram #Gmail


Afiniti offers a unique AI solution to enterprises which pairs callers and agents out of sequence on the basis of subtle behavioural characteristics, leading to... more successful interactions and measurable increases in enterprise profitability. Operating globally, Afiniti has driven billions of dollars in incremental value to its clients.
Yet again, Webmasters bring you another opportunity to enlighten your hidden skills and embrace it with emerging technology. We cordially invite you to freely p...articipate in the "TechCup Episode 2, 2019" Intra University event consisting of many computer science competitions to get your self pumped up and showcase your talent. Stay tuned to figure out the date and timing for the competition. 
Yet again, Webmasters bring you another opportunity to enlighten your hidden skills and embrace it with emerging technology. We cordially invite you to freely p...articipate in the "TechCup Episode 2, 2019" Intra University event consisting of many computer science competitions to get your self pumped up and showcase your talent. Stay tuned to figure out the date and timing for the competition. #ComingSoon
 PROCOM'19 brings to you, a whole new level of intensity, a whole new continent to conquer and a whole new level of winnings to collect. Come forth and challenge the rest, because champions not only have good breakfast, they have bruised fists and broken ribs. Get your adrenaline pumping because a split second changes the game. 



It is often said that practice makes a man perfect. This proverb cannot be emphasised upon enough until you find yourself preparing for a job interview. One of ...the only ways to ensure and guarantee a sound interview, is if you know precisely what you are offering. But in the midst of the nerves and anxiety, we often forget all the points we had thought of. Consequently, here is yet another handy tip from our end. The only way to guarantee a perfect interview, is to practice.
Marvelous projects are built on grand plans and great events are built on the back of brilliant teams collaborating with all their fervor to focus on the new an...d brilliant. Each sponsor brings a new element to the table, helping and appreciating all the while becoming the architects of a memorable and noble cause.  Developers' Day 2019 is no exception, headed by great minds and sponsored by great leaders of the industry.  One of these great leaders is Qordata, a pride of last year's event. We hold them in high regard for their sincere and splendid words. Come and see what they have to say!
Marvelous projects are built on grand plans and great events are built on the back of brilliant teams collaborating with all their fervor to focus on the new an...d brilliant. Each sponsor brings a new element to the table, helping and appreciating all the while becoming the architects of a memorable and noble cause.  Developers' Day 2019 is no exception, headed by great minds and sponsored by great leaders of the industry.  One of these great leaders is Qordata, a pride of last year's event. We hold them in high regard for their sincere and splendid words. Come and see what they have to say!
Fast Management society is gratified to welcome, Salman Khan, a social media influencer and a versatile actor and performer from the crew of "Karachi Vynz". FMS... is graced to have him as the celebrity judge for the video challenge. We are eager to witness utmost enthusiasm among our contestants, as the youth's social media inspiration honours us with his presence.
We come forth with the most anticipated reveal; presenting the main sponsor in all it's entirety. All about connecting data and science with the utmost attentio...n to detail and accuracy, GfK builds outstanding research, powered by high technology. GfK aims to improves its clients’ competitive edge and consumers’ experiences and choices.  With great exhilaration, PROCOM is delighted to have GfK on board.
There is only one way to keep delivering results;  churning success and raising the bar every time you do it.  With an unwavering commitment towards what we sta...nd for, Developers' Day has become a paramount event for the tech industry, offering the perfect blend of exposure and innovation for our partners. Don't believe it? Hear it from our past sponsor BOGO!
Recently, I went on a trip where I met a former teacher of mine who, on meeting and talking to me, said “You have not changed a bit since I last saw you!”(She l...ast met me around 6 years ago). I couldn’t help chuckling subconsciously at this fact because if my past, present and future self ever meet each other, I would be very surprised if we even recognized each other as being depictions of the same person. Before we get into the much anticipated meeting, I will categorize my past, present and future self with a difference of 5 years. This is because the past could be a second ago and the future a second ahead so that wouldn’t be much fun would it? The past self was a shy version of the annoying orange. She was equal parts introverted and annoying with a huge dose of spontaneity. The present self is a balloon full of anxiety with subdued spontaneity but better humor and who’s to say who we will be in the future? We can only hope to be the best version of ourselves and I know that my future self will have that zeal to be beyond conformity and become a woman she herself would be proud of. Also, she’s going to have a better fashion sense and probably more responsible. Now, considering we all recognize each other as the persona of the same individual and get over the shock because it would be a shock to see how much we’ve changed in appearance alone. Initially, there would be a storm of words and gestures full of excitement and hyper-activeness that is a characteristic found in all three. There would be a lot of scolding, laughter and embarrassment over the actions and decisions of the other and former self. The past self would badger the other two on the vast questions she had that no one answered, the present would reassure her comrades on working harder and towards her goal and the future being? She would pacify her underlings that all will be well in the end.  I think there is a comfort in your own company that cannot be found anywhere and what’s better than getting to talk to yourself as a whole other person? However, after the initial adrenaline rush is gone, there would come a moment of silence where all three of us would just look at each other and examine the differences and changes. It would be a moment of serenity and acceptance that would change everything. Although we have evolved and changed in many ways, be it the past, present or future, we stay the same person. Our major characteristics never leave us even when we feel as if we have lost ourselves. We remain the same even throughout all instances of time.
We come forth with the most anticipated reveal; presenting the main sponsor in all it's entirety. All about connecting data and science with the utmost attentio...n to detail and accuracy, GfK builds outstanding research, powered by high technology. GfK aims to improves its clients’ competitive edge and consumers’ experiences and choices.  With great exhilaration, PROCOM is delighted to have GfK on board.
We come forth with the most anticipated reveal; presenting the main sponsor in all it's entirety. All about connecting data and science with the utmost attentio...n to detail and accuracy, GfK builds outstanding research, powered by high technology. GfK aims to improves its clients’ competitive edge and consumers’ experiences and choices.  With great exhilaration, PROCOM is delighted to have GfK on board.
 We have achieved what is perhaps the gr...eatest milestone in PROCOM's glorious history! Stay tuned to find out what's coming up in a heartbeat's notice.

 At times, we are ourselves oblivious to the talents buried deep within us, and it takes a special circumstance to prompt them out in the open. This is what Developers' Day has been offering to young minds every year. A major aid in giving you the ideal opportunity are our sponsors. Developers' Day has enjoyed the privilege and honour to collaborate with some of the foremost companies in the tech industry. Take a look at what Gaditek had to say!

Raising the bars, evening the odds, coordinating with everyone just so every minute detail pieces together is something directors do. It is a challenge that cha...mpions are known to overcome. The same can be said for the respective Executive Committee, leading Developers' Day in the same way that a ship needs direction in a storm, using their brilliance, their stoicness, their communication, their leadership as a marker for role models. 

One of the most important aspects of working in the real world is consistent effort to better yourself. Which is exactly why the team behind Developers' Day 201...9 is trying its best to ease your way into becoming an unbeatable candidate in the job market today.  Being candid, clear-headed, and concise is an extremely underrated skill that few people possess, but the finest leaders always do. Therefore, as done previously, for your utmost benefit here is a little interview tip from our end.


Are you ready for some challenging mental exercise? Perhaps you prepared yourself after the last brain teaser left you confused? Or perhaps you just needed a he...althy puzzle to amuse yourself, and stumbled upon our riddle? Whichever may seem to be the case, here is today's problem to get you ready for Developers' Day 2019! Think you got it? Think again, think twice.



Large scale events like PROCOM come together owing to various segments. Like individual blocks of code coming together to form the final working program, an ess...ential part of the PROCOM program is the sponsor block. We are always thankful for anyone who helps make events successful, and sponsors are essential in this task.
As Developers' Day 2019 approaches, time slowly fades away, leaving but a few moments to prepare for an interview that might just change your life. Luckily, we ...have got a few tips for you to step up your game; making sure that you walk on the path of confidence, acing that company's trust. Just remember the three golden words; focus, discipline, and professionalism and get prepared to bring your best to the table!
As Developers' Day 2019 approaches, time slowly fades away, leaving but a few moments to prepare for an interview that might just change your life. Luckily, we ...have got a few tips for you to step up your game; making sure that you walk on the path of confidence, acing that company's trust. Just remember the three golden words; focus, discipline, and professionalism and get prepared to bring your best to the table!
 With our prevailing success and enthusiastic response on BRAIN's Facebook Page We hav...e made our way to Instagram to keep our loyal followers updated on life changing events.
 With our prevailing success and enthusiastic response on BRAIN's Facebook Page We hav...e made our way to Instagram to keep our loyal followers updated on life changing events.
 With our prevailing success and enthusiastic response on BRAIN's Facebook Page We hav...e made our way to Instagram to keep our loyal followers updated on life changing events.

The gears have started grinding, the factory floors are bustling and the managers have started sipping on their coffee. 
 Today started off with an enth...usiastic crowd cheering on. The energy was felt throughout the auditorium and even within the screams of the backbenchers. The session started with the name of Allah and then a salute to our motherland after which the history of PROCOM was revealed from the perspective of the faculty. Moreover, the president and the executive committee made moving speeches to set the wheels of PROCOM'19 into motion.  The gateway to greatness begins here.
 So look no further guys, as your skills in the ...Electrical Engineering field are now set to be shot and showcased to the world. Team TnC is proud to announced FAST Photographers Club as the official media coverage partner for its Arduino Workshop 2.0 #Lit_It_Up #TNC

Positivity comes from change and here at PROCOM we aim to provide new and creative facilities to our guests. With an innovative approach every year PROCOM has n...ever failed to inspire its guests with the best of it. Abdul Haseeb Khan, a participant of CS GO shares his thoughts about PROCOM last year.
Save the date! We are proud to announce the commencement of Developer’s Day on the 17th of April 2019.  With the Developers’ Day in sight, time has never been m...ore valuable and hard work never more rewarding. Prepare yourself to dive deep into the waters and brave the trials to emerge with an experience unlike any other!
Have you got a thirst to demonstrate and prove yourself? Do you think you excel at dealing with situations and managing tasks? Do you want to experience working... as a team and improving your skills? If yes, then look no further as Team PROCOM 2019 gives a chance to be a part of the team behind one of the greatest technical event. You are all warmly invited to the inductions of Team PROCOM on 6th February at Society Room between 2pm-4pm to present to us the flair that you possess.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. Sandspit was the venue where IEEE Karachi Section in collabration with Brain organised it's enthusi...astic and exciting event. Saad Affandi, the Founding Director and Lead Trainer of the organization carried out various mind enriching activities, making students indulge with the positive vibe on team work and leadership.  Goals were reached, potentials were tested and the beach was explored. The event resulted in the young minds believe, If you really want to fly, just harness your power to your passion.
Remember what we promised? Yes, yesterday’s prediction winner will have something to be proud about. As promised, here is the winner of PAK vs SA result prediction. Congratulations Anfaal Ahmed Khan! You have won a free ticket to Procom’19.
BRAIN Volunteering Team Hiring Phase 2. We’re looking for a creative team. Who are capable enough to implement their creative ideas? If you are confident about ...yourself HERE IS YOUR CHANCE. Be part of the team BRAIN to bring out the best within you. https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSdkMf5_lxLHU6CY5…/viewform…
Green is the colour of hope. It is the oasis in the midst of a desert when you are dying of thirst. It is the colour of serenity. Green is the colour of growth,... renewal and life. And now, it is the face of Developer's Day 2019. With a legacy of rewarding aspiring individuals, we are back with an exciting assortment of competitions, tech talks and a star studded job event. Above all, we are honoured to walk with you through this journey of growth and self reliability as you explore the depths of your potential.
You have burned the midnight oil and successfully bagged your dream degree, but how do you know if you are prepared for the real test? Getting a job.  One of th...e trickiest things to maneuver is usually a job interview.  But Developer’s Day 2019 is here to help you there too! Make sure you are covered from all angles to score the future you deserve. Here is a little tip from our end!
The word ‘PROCOM’ needs no introduction. For the last two decades, PROCOM has been the pioneer of the greatest technical, intellectual and competitive events he...ld in the country. But do you know what else is PROCOM about? What new innovations PROCOM is going to offer this year and how PROCOM is ready to build minds and shape futures? To be aware of this and a lot more, join Team PROCOM in the introductory session of PROCOM on 6th February at new building Auditorium from 12-1 P.M, for one of the most motivating and influencing experiences that could be witnessed.
Call it what you want but we tend to hear things. About us, about Procom. We heard you had questions about Procom. What is Procom? What’s the hype about? Here i...s what the students of FAST have to tell you about Procom.  Procom is a blend of diverse competitions, job fair, seminars and startup fest. We are ready to host the biggest IT event of Pakistan. The real question is, “Are you ready to be a part of this mega event?”

 The thunder of fans screaming, the lights of cameras flashing and the sweat on the brow glistening. The players are prepared for a battle and you have the opportunity to guess the team which gets bested. Predict the losing team name in the comments below and get a chance to win 100% off on Procom’19 entry.
 As much as we constantly feel that time seems to be running out, we can always try stretching it t...o fit tasks.


Great role models don't get admiration cheap; they stay committed by sacrificing sleep, and trying to out perform everyone. Their instinctive drive rises deep w...ithin them, teaching them that only after experiencing sheer disappointment and hard obstacles can they derive true pleasure from their craft.  Much similarly, Developer's Day 2019 aims to uncover those diamonds in the rough who abstract hard problems into easy solutions.   Are you one of them? Let this brain teaser be a test.
People are talking and for the first time, you should listen.  Developer's Day has an exciting and successful history wrapped around its name which makes it ren...owned in the tech world for being the most propitious platform for young enthusiasts with an interesting assortment of competitions, food stalls and the best job fair in town. Listen to Hira Ibrahim as she highlights what sets us apart from all those trailing behind in the race and put all your worries to rest!

People are talking and for the first time, you should listen.  Developer's Day has an exciting and successful history wrapped around its name which makes it ren...owned in the tech world for being the most propitious platform for young enthusiasts with an interesting assortment of competitions, food stalls and the best job fair in town. Listen to Hira Ibrahim as she highlights what sets us apart from all those trailing behind in the race and put all your worries to rest!

The human mind is quite an interesting feature. Increasing its ability to function even better, one should let it immerse in tremendous logic. What is the numbe...r which precedes in the series? Focus, adapt to a smarter approach of thinking and triumph over this easy yet mind boggling problem. Presenting you this technical bugger of the day, we give you the opportunity of increasing your brain power.

 Team TNC is proud to announce the names of these gems who are making us proud. We than...k them for their tremendous hard work and dedication. #StarsToday #LeadersTomorrow #TnC
Today plantation at malir cant Army public school  Owsam 🤗 🤗 activity
 Few can muster up the courag...e required to walk this path once, let alone for years consecutively; this individual has gone against most norms and has proved to be both a reliable and respectable personality as well as quite the formidable opponent for others in the field.
Feeling caught in the whirlwind of fees recently? Eager to participate in the upcoming Arduino workshop but can't because it's too expensive? Do not fear TnC is... here! We'd be glad to help you cope with the burdensome payment of this workshop, so that you can keep learning no matter what! Check out this exclusive offer for group participation. What better excuse would you get to engage your friends too in your learning endeavors? Register Online: http://bit.do/Arduino-workshop
Feeling caught in the whirlwind of fees recently? Eager to participate in the upcoming Arduino workshop but can't because it's too expensive? Do not fear TnC is... here! We'd be glad to help you cope with the burdensome payment of this workshop, so that you can keep learning no matter what! Check out this exclusive offer for group participation. What better excuse would you get to engage your friends too in your learning endeavors? Register Online: http://bit.do/Arduino-workshop
Every year, Developer's Day focuses on one aim; widening the horizons of aspiring individuals. With the participants being the focal point of the event, it does... not come as a surprise that this phenomenon acquires praise and worthy testimonials. As Sarim Khan declares it an eventful day, leaving nothing short and overlooked; considering it a perfect and a vital event, we promise to raise the bars even higher. So where will you be on day?
Every year, Developer's Day focuses on one aim; widening the horizons of aspiring individuals. With the participants being the focal point of the event, it does... not come as a surprise that this phenomenon acquires praise and worthy testimonials. As Sarim Khan declares it an eventful day, leaving nothing short and overlooked; considering it a perfect and a vital event, we promise to raise the bars even higher. So where will you be on day?

Calling out to all the people who desire to contribute to this astonishing event one last time.  Show us your enthusiasm and help us make this advent bigger tha...n even before! Last few hours for Ambassador Registrations. Deadline: 12 A.M Tonight. Form link: http://bit.ly/Procom_Ambassadors


Today plantation activity Army public school  owsam 🤗 🤗 These sweet kids are role model for us 💖





Computer Science is much more than 'nerds' with pocket protectors and thick glasses who code all night. It is about solving real-world problems while honing you...r craft.  SOFTCOMM ’19, organized by ACM-GIKI Chapter, aims to keep this spirit alive and burning, through their highly competitive software, multimedia, quiz and speed programing competitions.  If you love a challenge, then get yourself registered and buckled in!   Link:  Registration link is: https://docs.google.com/…/1u_TRUoxAihYcB9H1D9vkjTAoX7g…/edit


Era through era, every significant event requires an audience. Procom, the flagship event of FAST NUCES, initiates its hunt for ambassadors. These personalities... will be the representatives of this event in their respective educational establishments.  Register now : http://bit.ly/Procom_Ambassadors
Era through era, every significant event requires an audience. Procom, the flagship event of FAST NUCES, initiates its hunt for ambassadors. These personalities... will be the representatives of this event in their respective educational establishments.  Register now : http://bit.ly/Procom_Ambassadors
“INSPIRE” has seven letters, well so does “ARDUINO”. Team TNC is organizing a workshop to help your deficient on knowledge of hardware and programming regarding... Arduino. If your eager for it then learn how the Arduino controls everything from robots to 3D world, we'll teach you how to code and prototype with electronics. Remember no challenge is too great, no achievement is too small so come on down and register yourselves for this great opportunity. With the help of this work shop you can understand what an Arduino is and how it works.
Witness PROCOM'19 in all it's brilliance and scenic beauty through yet another social platform; Snapchat  Spare no time in following us and keeping track on all the latest news and updates.
Have you been late to buy the tickets to the most wonderful evening of the day? Yes exactly, NU-FEST's melodious Sham e Suroor will be playing tomorrow in the e...vening at 4:10 and if you still don't have the passes for it then fret not! The managing team has it all sorted for you. Providing you with all great facilities at NU-FEST the team has planned to give out tickets on the day of the event. So worry not people there is still chance for you to join this wonderful evening.

So guys, just days before NU-FEST comes to life, and we want to make sure you are well equipped for the day. With all these overwhelming events happening all ar...ound, this event planner will be quite useful, so have a look at this event plan and plan your day 1 of NU-FEST. Good luck guys Note: Venue will be informed on day.  Paving new roads

Wires being constituted, circuits being outlined and projects being planned.  What could be more exciting than this? So get ready folks as the most awaited 'Ard...uino Workshop' of the year is just around the corner.
So guys, just days before NU-FEST comes to life, and we want to make sure you are well equipped for the day. With all these overwhelming events happening all ar...ound, this event planner will be quite useful, so have a look at this event plan and plan your day 1 of NU-FEST. Good luck guys Note: Venue will be informed on day.  Paving new roads

It takes a certain degree of courage to be willing to adapt as the world changes. It takes someone with an iron will. Here at PROCOM, we believe in stepping for...ward, making a difference and adapting to all sorts of change. Anyone doing so can often be an inspiration to millions around them.
Thank you so much Asad Siddiqui Hamza Raza Omar Sheikh and thanks to all friends then last main Hammad Raza 😝😜 #iwanttochangemynation
The crown is not a tangible piece of precious stones and gold that marks the head of the monarch. Rather, it is the pregnant silence before he walks down the ai...sle through the bowed heads of onlookers. It is the glint of hope in their eyes as they fix on the one entity that can change their lives. The crown does not demand trumpets or parades; it even makes the streets its coliseum.  As days pass by, reputed scholars, stupendous thinkers, pedant programmers and articulous creators gather to witness the undisputed dynasty of the tech world. All eyes on the throne, let's begin!

FAST-NUCES is introducing NU-FEST, an event based on sheer entertainment featuring the most anticipated activities of sports, literature and dramatics. The even...t will take place on 22nd and 23rd January, 2019 at FAST National University, Main Campus, Karachi. NU-FEST includes a wide range of competitions falling under the shades of the aforementioned supreme categories. The soul purpose of the event is to extract the diamonds out of the coal mine, to coach and strengthen the spirits of the city's best athletes, artists and to provide them a platform to stamp their authority and showcase their capabilities.


There's no better feeling in this world than having a warm pizza box on your lap, isn't it? Then make sure you get yourself a deep dish pizza from our official ...food partner Pizza Munch with some extra toppings of happiness to enjoy the cheesy talks with your friends.
 Check for latest updates and changes to the PROCOM '19 timeline by following us on various other social medians. Following ...are the respective usernames to assist you in finding us!





We are coming to the Rayden College tomorrow to update you guys about NU-FEST. Don't forget to secure your spot to participate in various competitions and be pr...epared to learn about the exciting features of our event when we visit you! Avail 10% discount on this event for on-site payments. Paving new roads. #GloryAwaits
Due to an overwhelming response we have decided to extend the registration deadline till 18th January. Please hurry up and secure your spot to participate in NU...-FEST.
Being a FASTIAN isn't all about hardships, its a lot about surprising opportunities as well. Here at NU-FEST we announce 10% discount for FASTIANS in all compet...itions so that they can get a chance to participate more openly in these contests and have a better possibility of winning them.
Hear up! We will be coming to The American Foundation tomorrow. Don't forget to secure your spot to participate in various competitions and be prepared to learn... about the exciting features of our event when we visit you!

Gaming competitions will be incomplete without the inclusion of the most-played game on Steam. Yes, we are talking about DOTA 2. With a fan-following of million...s of players worldwide, this MOBA is the ultimate test of your skills and strategy. Select your favorite heroes and go head-to-head against the best teams to establish your reign of supremacy in the DOTA 2's Karachi circuit.
We've figured out the way of confronting the heat of the day. Yup! NU-FEST is coming at you alongside the brand none other than the "WALLS" to help you stay coo...led amidst the battlefield. Don't miss on this and stay tuned for more.
Are you ready for the most anticipated event to ever hit Karachi? Have you registered for that event? No, well get on track as this Sunday is the last day of re...gistration for NU-FEST. Get your teams ready and get your mind set because it’s going to be one hell of an event and we await anxiously to have you here to make this event a success. 14th January 12:00 am is the last time before registration are closed Register Now : http://bit.do/nufest
The striker lines up in a formation, the goalie hardens his grip, the mid fielders analyze the opponents and the referee blows the whistle. The game is on, and ...we expect to see some epic battles come forth. NU-FEST is proud to present Futsal as a part of its competitions hosted by the sportics society.  With epic rivalries and breath taking shots, you'll be amazed at the talent Pakistan has. Get ready to chant some anthems because Futsal is back in town.
OMAF Büro is an emerging Engineering Services Firm in the field of Power Generation, Transmission, Distribution & Industrial Automation. Currently we are looking for the position of: Requirements:... The candidate shall: - Have good exposure to the latest technologies / market trends. - Have Sales aptitude. - Have good communication, inter-personal & presentation skills. - Be energetic, dynamic & target oriented. - Be willing to travel. - Be engineering graduate from any reputed engineering university - Be registered with Pakistan Engineering Council. - Have at least 2 years of Automation system engineering / Execution experience.  Job Description: The candidate is required to perform the following functions: - To visit the clients for sales & marketing. - To present the Büro's portfolio to the clients. - To visit the plant / project site for better understanding of clients' need. - To propose innovative solutions based on latest available technologies. - To support in preparation of Sales Strategy.  - To prepare proposals as per clients' specifications & requirements. The position is based in Karachi. Candidates may require to travel as well.  Please send your resume at hr@omafburo.com. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted.


What does it take to truly defeat your rival? Mind? Wisdom? NU FEST presents you the influential game of chess where you get to participate in a contest of hono...r than prize. Chess is the gymnasium of the mind. Exercise your brain to its greatest potential to outsmart your opponent. Participate in this competition to unleash your thinking skills.
What does it take to truly defeat your rival? Mind? Wisdom? NU FEST presents you the influential game of chess where you get to participate in a contest of hono...r than prize. Chess is the gymnasium of the mind. Exercise your brain to its greatest potential to outsmart your opponent. Participate in this competition to unleash your thinking skills.
The striker lines up in a formation, the goalie hardens his grip, the mid fielders analyze the opponents and the referee blows the whistle. The game is on, and ...we expect to see some epic battles come forth. NU-FEST is proud to present Futsal as a part of its competitions hosted by the sportics society.  With epic rivalries and breath taking shots, you'll be amazed at the talent Pakistan has. Get ready to chant some anthems because Futsal is back in town.
Leisure League holds the distinction for being world's biggest, and the most successful small-sided football leagues. Pioneers of this format, they started out ...in UK in 1992. Now, Leisure Leagues is a global brand that has been helping football fans to live and breathe football around the world. To rejuvenate the passion for football and futsal at NU FEST, we are ecstatic to announce Leisure Leagues as our official Futsal Partner. Welcome aboard!
Leisure League holds the distinction for being world's biggest, and the most successful small-sided football leagues. Pioneers of this format, they started out ...in UK in 1992. Now, Leisure Leagues is a global brand that has been helping football fans to live and breathe football around the world. To rejuvenate the passion for football and futsal at NU FEST, we are ecstatic to announce Leisure Leagues as our official Futsal Partner. Welcome aboard!
Leisure League holds the distinction for being world's biggest, and the most successful small-sided football leagues. Pioneers of this format, they started out ...in UK in 1992. Now, Leisure Leagues is a global brand that has been helping football fans to live and breathe football around the world. To rejuvenate the passion for football and futsal at NU FEST, we are ecstatic to announce Leisure Leagues as our official Futsal Partner. Welcome aboard!


Stakes are high and so is the rush of adrenaline. NU-FEST is enthralled to host the best FIFA players in Karachi at one spot. It will be a test of their skills ...and tactics as they compete for the ultimate prize. Let the spirit of football come forth. This is FIFA, and it's played with passion!  Register now, for glory awaits.
Stakes are high and so is the rush of adrenaline. NU-FEST is enthralled to host the best FIFA players in Karachi at one spot. It will be a test of their skills ...and tactics as they compete for the ultimate prize. Let the spirit of football come forth. This is FIFA, and it's played with passion!  Register now, for glory awaits.

Team NU FEST is coming to these institutes tomorrow to update you on the most recognized upcoming event across the city! Don't forget to secure your spot to par...ticipate in various competitions. Be prepared to learn about the exciting features of our event when we visit you! Avail 10% discount on this event for on-site payments. Paving new roads. #GloryAwaits
Team NU FEST is coming to these institutes tomorrow to update you on the most recognized upcoming event across the city! Don't forget to secure your spot to par...ticipate in various competitions. Be prepared to learn about the exciting features of our event when we visit you! Avail 10% discount on this event for on-site payments. Paving new roads. #GloryAwaits
Can a science student i mean who had clear FSC in medical do software engineering ???
We feel elated to announce Mr. Rizwan Choudhry as our guest speaker. A life counselor with a knack for Marketing and PR, he has been changing lives for the last... 12 years. Committed to help through his speech, his orations on self development are sought by the masses. He will be blessing us with his presence on the event day. Don't miss out on an inspirational and stirring speech from him. Be there!
We feel elated to announce Mr. Rizwan Choudhry as our guest speaker. A life counselor with a knack for Marketing and PR, he has been changing lives for the last... 12 years. Committed to help through his speech, his orations on self development are sought by the masses. He will be blessing us with his presence on the event day. Don't miss out on an inspirational and stirring speech from him. Be there!
Entry level positions vacant in a renown offshore company based in Hyderabad, Sindh. FASTians belonging to Hyderabad are preferred. Must be BS EE graduate. Email your resume at muhammad.hayat@outlook.com





"If it weren't for the efforts of ambassadors, not even the United Nations would have come to existence"

"If it weren't for the efforts of ambassadors, not even the United Nations would have come to existence"
 Get ready boys, it's time to go to war. Load up those AKs and M16s because it's gonna get ugly. NU-FEST proudly presents the most ruthless, the most cutthroat and the most competitive FPS out there; COUNTER STRIKE GLOBAL OFFENSE and CS 1.6 the origin of all tactical FPS games out there. Indulge yourself in this Militia inspired game of coordinated attacks. Be the hero, be the warrior.
With the new year's enchanted scenes, it's also a chance to start preparing for one of the greatest event of the season, NU-FEST. That's why we’re constantly am...ped for revealing to you more about it. We'll be visiting Whales College tomorrow.  Don't forget to secure your spot to participate in various competitions. Be prepared to learn about the exciting features of our event when we visit you!
With the new year's enchanted scenes, it's also a chance to start preparing for one of the greatest event of the season, NU-FEST. That's why we’re constantly am...ped for revealing to you more about it. We'll be visiting Whales College tomorrow.  Don't forget to secure your spot to participate in various competitions. Be prepared to learn about the exciting features of our event when we visit you!
With the new year's enchanted scenes, it's also a chance to start preparing for one of the greatest event of the season, NU-FEST. That's why we’re constantly am...ped for revealing to you more about it. We'll be visiting Whales College tomorrow.  Don't forget to secure your spot to participate in various competitions. Be prepared to learn about the exciting features of our event when we visit you!
A rock's worth is only that of the gem. We proudly present the gems that we have gathered together to hoist our initiative. A group of diligent and ardent individuals, they will help to provide sparkle to NU FEST.
A rock's worth is only that of the gem. We proudly present the gems that we have gathered together to hoist our initiative. A group of diligent and ardent individuals, they will help to provide sparkle to NU FEST.

 Get ready boys, it's time to go to war. Load up those AKs and M16s because it's gonna get ugly. NU-FEST proudly presents the most ruthless, the most cutthroat and the most competitive FPS out there; COUNTER STRIKE GLOBAL OFFENSE and CS 1.6 the origin of all tactical FPS games out there. Indulge yourself in this Militia inspired game of coordinated attacks. Be the hero, be the warrior.
 Get ready boys, it's time to go to war. Load up those AKs and M16s because it's gonna get ugly. NU-FEST proudly presents the most ruthless, the most cutthroat and the most competitive FPS out there; COUNTER STRIKE GLOBAL OFFENSE and CS 1.6 the origin of all tactical FPS games out there. Indulge yourself in this Militia inspired game of coordinated attacks. Be the hero, be the warrior.

 Be a part of the change, be a NU-FEST knight! #GloryAwaits





"Be our guest,  Be our guest,  Put our service to the test"
 Team NU-FEST believes in praising the tireless efforts of the team and the individuals who have been doi...ng such an inconceivable work regardless of them being busy with their final exams. We acknowledge and honor these stars by enlightening everybody about them. Much thanks to them for their endeavors. 
 Team NU-FEST believes in praising the tireless efforts of the team and the individuals who have been doi...ng such an inconceivable work regardless of them being busy with their final exams. We acknowledge and honor these stars by enlightening everybody about them. Much thanks to them for their endeavors. 
As the day's long competitions and contests  hit you, you will surely find a way to sooth out the burning sensation in your throats. NU-FEST announces the proud... partnership of PAKOLA as its beverage supplier. Be prepared to get amazed by Pakola's thirst quenching drink contribution.

As the day's long competitions and contests  hit you, you will surely find a way to sooth out the burning sensation in your throats. NU-FEST announces the proud... partnership of PAKOLA as its beverage supplier. Be prepared to get amazed by Pakola's thirst quenching drink contribution.
"Be our guest,  Be our guest,  Put our service to the test"

 Let your inner artist free and use your vocals to move the crowd. Let your lyrics bring goosebumps all over and bring the stage down. NU-FEST brings you MUSIC House; an event that is looking for young musicians to let loose and awe inspire the crowd.


The wall is down and the threat to humanity is high. The white walkers have come into our land. This is not the time to fight amongst ourselves so regroup with ...your allies. "When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies, but the pack survives"  So hurry up and join the hunt to unveil the hidden treasures in the scavenger hunt! It is survival of the fittest and there is no time to delay because "Winter is here!".
"The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another" For Registration:  https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScerIH2FtceQkEHXx…/viewform #BRAIN #NuskhaeSukoon #StressManagment #SaadAffandi #SohaibKamran #December29th
 Let your inner artist free and use your vocals to move the crowd. Let your lyrics bring goosebumps all over and bring the stage down. NU-FEST brings you MUSIC House; an event that is looking for young musicians to let loose and awe inspire the crowd.
 Let your inner artist free and use your vocals to move the crowd. Let your lyrics bring goosebumps all over and bring the stage down. NU-FEST brings you MUSIC House; an event that is looking for young musicians to let loose and awe inspire the crowd.

"The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another" For Registration:  https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScerIH2FtceQkEHXx…/viewform #BRAIN #NuskhaeSukoon #StressManagment #SaadAffandi #SohaibKamran #December29th




Lions of Credo! Team NU FEST is coming to your campus tomorrow to update you on the most recognized upcoming event across the city! Learn how we, Team NU FEST, ...are setting up an extravaganza to start the new year with a bang. We know that Credo is home to a talented bunch of people. We can't wait to host you all at NU FEST!
Listen up, enthusiasts of UIT! NU-FEST is on the road and we are at your gates with the extravaganza that will set the bar high for all events!  Take your pick ...from our wide range of competitions, align your teams, gather up friends and get ready to register! See you on field!

The wall is down and the threat to humanity is high. The white walkers have come into our land. This is not the time to fight amongst ourselves so regroup with ...your allies. "When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies, but the pack survives"  So hurry up and join the hunt to unveil the hidden treasures in the scavenger hunt! It is survival of the fittest and there is no time to delay because "Winter is here!".
The wall is down and the threat to humanity is high. The white walkers have come into our land. This is not the time to fight amongst ourselves so regroup with ...your allies. "When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies, but the pack survives"  So hurry up and join the hunt to unveil the hidden treasures in the scavenger hunt! It is survival of the fittest and there is no time to delay because "Winter is here!".
The wall is down and the threat to humanity is high. The white walkers have come into our land. This is not the time to fight amongst ourselves so regroup with ...your allies. "When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies, but the pack survives"  So hurry up and join the hunt to unveil the hidden treasures in the scavenger hunt! It is survival of the fittest and there is no time to delay because "Winter is here!".
Latest job update 12-12-2018
Rarest opportunity for fresh engineers from Karachi to get themselves evaluated by highly qualified, internationally and domestically experienced professionals from engineering community. PEF Karachi organizes an annual Mock Interviews session for fresh engineers to help them out with sincere screening of their performance and presentation, provide them one-to-one guidance and feedback about their skills, knowledge and abilities. For being at your service, it's for FREE! Get yourself registered by filling out the registration form https://goo.gl/forms/8VBXYFzMWvJdCuXg1, sending your updated CV and a recent photograph to pefkhi.info@gmail.com!

 "Live Chat Specialist" BBA will be preferred, position is for fresh Graduates Handsome salary package will be offered Mention the position in the subject line while applying Drop resumes at talk@text.com.pk



Team NU-FEST is pleased to have Xenon Events on board as our logistics partner. A startup by a group of students from NEDUET, Xenon Events got all bases covered... to help you organize a successful event. From setting up an entire marquee to providing customized pens, they do it all. Dependable and industrious, they are slowly yet surely making a name for themselves We hope this collaboration will be a fruitful one for both parties.
Team NU-FEST is pleased to have Xenon Events on board as our logistics partner. A startup by a group of students from NEDUET, Xenon Events got all bases covered... to help you organize a successful event. From setting up an entire marquee to providing customized pens, they do it all. Dependable and industrious, they are slowly yet surely making a name for themselves We hope this collaboration will be a fruitful one for both parties.

Overflowing talent? Hidden potential? DHA Suffa, be prepared to get updated tomorrow as team NU-FEST turns its wheels towards you this time. The fest of the fes...ts is almost here and it is time for you to start registering for the stimulating contests of the year. Get ready to know more about this exciting festival tomorrow!

Overflowing talent? Hidden potential? DHA Suffa, be prepared to get updated tomorrow as team NU-FEST turns its wheels towards you this time. The fest of the fes...ts is almost here and it is time for you to start registering for the stimulating contests of the year. Get ready to know more about this exciting festival tomorrow!
 We now put forward the proposed plan, the stops we plan to cover in the DECS Annual Tour 2019. Starting the tour from Murree, we will further travel to breathtaking destinations like Keran, Muzaffarabad, The Heaven on Earth: Kashmir, Malam Jabba, Kalam, and Mingora. Finally, Islamabad will mark the end of this unforgettable tour, with memories unparalleled to any other.  #DECS #AnnualTour2019
Approaching like the cool breeze in winter, NU-FEST, the most awaited event is almost here.NU-FEST offers the most appreciable fees for every single contest. Av...ail the opportunity to participate in cool games and competitions through very considerable charges. Register now and get a chance to experience this skillful event.
Approaching like the cool breeze in winter, NU-FEST, the most awaited event is almost here.NU-FEST offers the most appreciable fees for every single contest. Av...ail the opportunity to participate in cool games and competitions through very considerable charges. Register now and get a chance to experience this skillful event.

National Election Day is just around the corner. So guys lets illuminate the importance of free and fair electoral process. And let the FAST-NUCES glistens with knowledge.



The euphoria is at its peak as talented individuals from all around the region will flock to FAST-NUCES to be part of NU FEST. This January, get ready to test y...our talents and have loads of fun at the same time. If you haven't registered yet, then you are missing out! Register now and become part of the most exciting event happening in the city!
The euphoria is at its peak as talented individuals from all around the region will flock to FAST-NUCES to be part of NU FEST. This January, get ready to test y...our talents and have loads of fun at the same time. If you haven't registered yet, then you are missing out! Register now and become part of the most exciting event happening in the city!



Dear Habibians, do you feel like this semester is sucking the life out of you? Are you in search of such a relaxing moment which will snatch away all your worri...es and let you enjoy for a while? Fret not. Team NU-FEST is going to be there very soon at your institute to update you regarding the most exciting event taking place in the city. Allowing you to participate in various competitions and games, NU-FEST will give you a break off of your busy life and ignite the fire of talent and knowledge within you. Be prepared to learn about the exciting features of our event tomorrow when we visit you! 
Have you ever imagined taking part in the ACM ICPC (ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest)? Have you ever wished to be a part of hackathon? Have you ...ever been coding for straight 72 hours? Are you good at coding, poster designing at technical knowledge? Have you ever been given the chance to interact with representatives of huge companies like IBM, GOOGLE AND MICROSOFT? Do you want to be the part of a 3 day jam packed event also including a theme dinner, concert and hiking? Now you get all this in SOFTCOM’19. AMBASSADOR REGISTRATIONS ARE OPEN. So gear up and be an ambassador of this mega event and get a chance to demonstrate your skills and raise your profile! Be our ambassador and get your entry fee exempted on bringing more than 10 participants and much more!  Apply before it’s too late! Event dates : February 22nd to 24th, 2019. #Softcomgiki #Acmgiki Here is the link to the form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQJjAOUrzgTUibb…/viewform…
Have you ever imagined taking part in the ACM ICPC (ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest)? Have you ever wished to be a part of hackathon? Have you ...ever been coding for straight 72 hours? Are you good at coding, poster designing at technical knowledge? Have you ever been given the chance to interact with representatives of huge companies like IBM, GOOGLE AND MICROSOFT? Do you want to be the part of a 3 day jam packed event also including a theme dinner, concert and hiking? Now you get all this in SOFTCOM’19. AMBASSADOR REGISTRATIONS ARE OPEN. So gear up and be an ambassador of this mega event and get a chance to demonstrate your skills and raise your profile! Be our ambassador and get your entry fee exempted on bringing more than 10 participants and much more!  Apply before it’s too late! Event dates : February 22nd to 24th, 2019. #Softcomgiki #Acmgiki Here is the link to the form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeQJjAOUrzgTUibb…/viewform…
We feel immense pride in announcing the brand ambassadors that we have selected to represent NU-FEST. We were on the hunt for ardent individuals who were willin...g to take this event as their own. Teamwork makes the dream work and this collaboration will surely work wonders. Contact our brand ambassadors to learn more about NU-FEST and how you can be part of this gala. 
We're sure you're all preparing hard! Bringing to you the second judges for music in DECS' Spotlight happening on Thursday, the 29th of November, 2018!  #DECS #Spotlight
It is an honor for Team NU-FEST to welcome Brand.Activate as our 'Activation Partner'.  Brand Activate is a leading activation company that has been helping var...ious brands to find a footing in the corporate world. In a cut-throat market, an effective marketing strategy is key. Devoted and determined, they help devise marketing strategies for companies.  We believe that this partnership will be fruitful for both parties. Welcome aboard!
Dear Habibians, do you feel like this semester is sucking the life out of you? Are you in search of such a relaxing moment which will snatch away all your worri...es and let you enjoy for a while? Fret not. Team NU-FEST is going to be there very soon at your institute to update you regarding the most exciting event taking place in the city. Allowing you to participate in various competitions and games, NU-FEST will give you a break off of your busy life and ignite the fire of talent and knowledge within you. Be prepared to learn about the exciting features of our event tomorrow when we visit you! 
The time has come, and the wait has passed. Today we saw the informative intro session of Coders Cup take place, and now, as promised, the days are here and dec...ided. Get ready and sharpen up your coding skills to test them against the odds, and wait for the team leader's go, as details will be messaged to them soon.
Are the Lions of Credo ready? Team NU FEST is gonna be there this Monday to update you on the most recognized upcoming event accross the city! Be prepared to kn...ow the exciting features of our event and rig yourself for the competitions in it. We hope to see the Kings of the Jungle live up to their name and show us their best! Avail 10% discount on this event for on-site payments.
As ACM’s grandest competition, the Coders Cup 2018, is nearing its inauguration, the deadline for the registrations is nearly here. If you think you and your te...am has what it takes to shine brighter than your rivals in the world of code then be prompt and get your teams registered.
 Get ready guys for an amazing array of competitions coming your way. These wont be your typical brain drainers, rather competitions that will bring out the inner performer in you. Try to be careful, these events can cause dangerous amounts of happiness and fun. Paving new roads. #GloryAwaits
What is more appealing then letting people know that you have the hottest cooking skills in the whole town? We invite you to bring your food creations to our NU...-FEST where we will let you go all Gordon Ramsey on the enormous crowd. Present your iconic dishes and develop your street cred. All food chains, stalls and joints are requested to come and register as an exhibit of sensational food at the Food Fest. 
 Get ready guys for an amazing array of competitions coming your way. These wont be your typical brain drainers, rather competitions that will bring out the inner performer in you. Try to be careful, these events can cause dangerous amounts of happiness and fun. Paving new roads. #GloryAwaits

The moment of truth is here. Registrations of NU FEST are now live! Literary, dramatics, or sports, whatever you may excel at, your skills will be celebrated he...re. A chance for you to pit yourself against the best in the region and prove yourself to the masses. We are flooded with euphoria and cannot wait to welcome you all at this extravaganza!  Paving new roads #GloryAwaits

“Leaders are made, they are not born.  They are made by hard effort, which is the price which all of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.” Vince ...Lombardi See you all on 23-Nov-2018 at EE auditorium from 10 A.M to 11 A.M.
Catering to the necessity of freshmen students and fulfilling there request from today's "WebWave" session, the "Webmasters" is all set to conduct a series of w...orkshops named as "Art of Programming" for establishing logic building techniques, resolving the problem-solving issues, and realizing students about how to think while solving for any problem.  Freshmen students are encouraged to participate in the following upcoming sessions. Keep in touch with "The Webmasters" to know about the timings and venue of the session. 
What lies beneath the modern web development? The answer to this question lies within the words: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP and MySQL. But, I know for sure that... all these words may seem alien to many of you. Wait! don't start googling yet; because, now, you don't need to get all worked up trying to google out a perfect tutorial for all this. If you have any sort of queries, confusion or don't even know a single thing about the website development then this is the perfect place for you.  THE WEBMASTERS, thereby, bring to you a complete series of "WebWave", conducted by the experts in this field, which will cover HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP and MySQL. Get ready to be hit by the wave of WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT in its very first session!

Our lead trainers Mohammad Sohaib Kamran and Saad Affandi had an amazing time talking to energetic children at HMS institute, here on Saturday.  The session was... filled with great energy and enthusiasm. Achieving dreams with energetic children involved in different activities and debates. It was a fun filled learning experience for trainers and learners.
Leadership is an action, not a position.” –McGannon But what exactly is leadership? Is it forcing people to obey? Or is it the morality of your decisions? Maybe... it's the way you interact with others? Leadership cannot be determined by one different trait, and in the corporate world, to be the leader, you need a certain skill set to live up to the reputation of a Leader Team CBS is holding a session "Leadership in Action". The chief guest will be the renowned Leadership consultant, Sohail Zindani. Our learned guest will share us his expertise about leadership #Leadershipinaction #CharacterBuildingSociety  #SohailZindani


 1. Registration fee Rs. 100 /- with soldering iron 2. Registration fee Rs. 350/- without soldering iron 3. Management will not arrange free soldering iron for participants. 4. Each one must have their own soldering iron.
 1. Registration fee Rs. 100 /- with soldering iron 2. Registration fee Rs. 350/- without soldering iron 3. Management will not arrange free soldering iron for participants. 4. Each one must have their own soldering iron.
 1. Registration fee Rs. 100 /- with soldering iron 2. Registration fee Rs. 350/- without soldering iron 3. Management will not arrange free soldering iron for participants. 4. Each one must have their own soldering iron.
The Best Hosters, as the name it holds, specialises in website hosting which is reported to be Fast and unlimited, providing numerous benefits. Be it a small bu...siness on the brink of its rise or an enterprise working at its peak, this company has you covered. They have a wide range of packages starting from as low as $3.72 and goes up till $18.64, per year. It all depends on what perks and works the user is looking for and the kind of business level they run on; start up, standard, professional. The benefits and upsides to having a managed hosting are more than quite a few, From Autoupdates to Account isolation to keep the security in check. Apart from these, up to 30 backups are kept in case of data loss. On top of this They have a 24/7-365 support system so the team can be contacted at any day, any time. Facebook page: https://m.facebook.com/2096890440602257
 So Guys, mark your calendars and let the FAST-NUCES glistens with knowledge.  #blendofislamandautomation #CharacterBuildingSociety
 Follow the link below to register: https://goo.gl/forms/zq6IKYbfhXsYF4013
 TEXT Pvt Ltd is looking for a full time Dot Net Developer for our Karachi office. Bachelors/Masters will be preferred... +1 Year Experience required, Freshers are encouraged to apply Mention the subject "Dot net developer" while applying Drop the Resumes at talk@text.com.pk

All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press in to your destination.  We present to you; the most recognized and well established MUN themed... conference across Karachi. Polish and refine your debating skills and visit FAST NUCES to represent them all in a one day marathon at 'The Grand Debate' , on 22nd November, 2018! All you need to take is the very first step i.e. registration! Follow the link below to register: https://goo.gl/forms/zq6IKYbfhXsYF4013
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press in to your destination.  We present to you; the most recognized and well established MUN themed... conference across Karachi. Polish and refine your debating skills and visit FAST NUCES to represent them all in a one day marathon at 'The Grand Debate' , on 22nd November, 2018! All you need to take is the very first step i.e. registration! Follow the link below to register: https://goo.gl/forms/zq6IKYbfhXsYF4013
 Follow the link below to register: https://goo.gl/forms/zq6IKYbfhXsYF4013
 Sign up today: https://goo.gl/forms/wHjkfowNMUWO9ygE2 For details call: 021 111 000 765 


 YOUR NAME at 8:30 The DARK KNIGHT RISES at 11:00 A QUITE PLACE at 1:30
Finally!!! The wait is over… The struggle is done… Let them know now because second segment of Art of Living 100%, “Kehny Do” is here. Get once in a lifetime ch...ance to: • Let fear go away.  • Share the dark side and the Struggles. • Share the Pressure of the Enviroment. • Motivate each other  “Kehny do” brings a beautiful opportunity to learn and share, listen and speak, train and be trained. Join us on the Second Saturday of November. https://docs.google.com/…/1sNrJ7H3VL840DfJLX_mpJsYogo…/edit…

The Indus Hospital has been providing cost-free services to the disabled and feeble citizens of Pakistan since 2007. The Organization, due it to its state-of-th...e-art infrastructure and commitment to humanitarian aid, is a symbol of integrity, benevolence, and compassion. Pakistan lacks blood donation culture because of various misconceptions among the masses. Despite of having about 29% people aged between 15-29, thousands of patients suffering from leukemia and thalassemia die because of blood scarcity every year. 95% of the blood donations come only from the family members of the victims
 Flying Wing Aircraft & Multi-rot...ors are sub divisions of this module. Challenge yourself in the core of aeronautics by applying in this module. . Register Now Registration form:  https://docs.google.com/…/1tk5USLOue0nXuqWslQMRGDZt3LxK1HJm… Technical Document (Flying Wing Aircraft): https://drive.google.com/open… Technical Document (Multi-rotor): https://drive.google.com/open…
AirEx Innovation Challenge comes with a new challenge this year. We have introduced the new module "AEROMANIA" that deals with both the fields aeronautics and a...stronautics. Module includes design & fabrication of a model rocket (without any electronics) Register asap. Registration form: https://docs.google.com/…/1tk5USLOue0nXuqWslQMRGDZt3LxK1HJm… Technical Document: https://drive.google.com/open…
 Sign up today: https://goo.gl/forms/wHjkfowNMUWO9ygE2 For details call: 021 111 000 765 


Revealing the front faces of the team, the Brand Ambassadors. Follow the link below to register for The Grand Debate: https://goo.gl/forms/zq6IKYbfhXsYF4013

 The Webmasters is back again with a flare of another series of workshops. This upcomi...ng workshop, in collaboration with Association for Computing Machinery, FAST Karachi - ACM NUCES Khi , is going to enlighten you with the field of Android App Development. If you have questions like what exactly Android App Development is? What are the benefits of it? And, what is the worth of this fastest growing field nowadays? Then, this workshop is definitely the right choice for you. So, attend this workshop and have a live experience of building an app on Android Studio. So, hurry up! Fill out the form attached below and get yourself registered. 




 Sign up today: https://goo.gl/forms/wHjkfowNMUWO9ygE2 For details call: 021 111 000 765 

One of the most celebrated societies of FAST, DECS, is joining hands with NU FEST to guarantee an event of immense quality. DECS is the core of entertainment at... FAST and they never cease to amaze us. We feel great pride in announcing our collaboration with DECS. Paving new roads. #GloryAwaits


The response was amazing, Thankyou all for participating.Team Think and Create is delighted to have such  visionary individuals on board. We congratulate everyo...ne who has been selected. Looking forward to experience some new talent and events this year. Now without further ado introducing all of you Team TnC 2018-19.
PSO Pakistan State Oil Annual Management Trainee Program 2018 Apply Online Last Date 5-November-2018 1) Marketing 2) HR 3) Supply Chain 4) Law... 5) Management Sciences 6) Accounting & Finance 7) Mechanical Engineers 8) Electrical Engineers 9) Chemical Engineers 10) Civil Engineers 11) Industrial Engineers 12) Mechatronics Engineers 13) Computer Science  http://www.livejobsfeed.com/…/pso-pakistan-state-oil-annual…
SUPARCO Career Opportunities  in Lahore, Islamabad & Karachi Assistant Managers  Apply Online Last Date 5-November-2018 1) Electronics Engineers 2) Electrical P...ower Engineers 3) Mechanical Engineers 4) Chemical Engineers 5) Applied Physics 6) Computer Science 7) Environmental Sciences 8) Marine Sciences 9) Urban Engineering 10) Civil Engineering 11) Admin 12) Procurement & Store 13) Aerospace Engineering 14) IT Software 15) Space Science 16) Finance & Others http://www.livejobsfeed.com/…/suparco-career-opportunities-…


 Admissions opened for Spring Session 2019... For STUDY IN TURKEY |Istanbul |No Consultancy fee| No Process fee| >BS/BA Degree (in English or Turkish)  >BS/BA Transcript (in English or Turkish)  >Letter of Intent/Motivation Letter >Passport size pictures >Passport >Curriculum Vitae >Reference letters (Two) Send all requirements in our email Id Hopeedu.consultantlhr@gmail.com


"The NASA Space Apps Challenge is a two-day hackathon where teams of technologists, scientists, designers, artists, educators, entrepreneurs, developers and stu...dents across the globe collaborate and engage with publicly available data to design innovative solutions for global challenges." https://2018.spaceappschallenge.org/locations/karachi

Here you go !!! The only thing that stops you to do something is your unknown spark. Once you get to know your spark, nothing is impossible. Know your identity,... know your spark, open your eyes and discover yourself. Now fasten your seat belts , hold your breath guys and get along with us on this roller coaster ride that will surely give you a lot of realisation. So it’s time to learn, unlearn and relearn. For Registration: https://goo.gl/forms/gzJa7jxZk4kJRWDt2 #UniversityOfKarachi #AOL100% #BRAIN #LetsGrowTogether
We are opening Gaditek for uni-grads with research projects with an impact. We believe objective research is crucial for nurturing future innovators and disrupters. We support this by aiding researchers validate their ideas through our diverse community of innovators, creators, and disrupters. ^ For Final year students who are working on automation specially on networking (Cyber security) its an opportunity to gathe...r data and share your research proposals/ research papers   Check complete post here: https://www.facebook.com/gaditek/
On 24th Oct, a protest in front of Supreme court of Pakistan @10 AM is planned against the mafias that are responsible for the poor condition of Engineering profession in Pakistan where some demands for the betterment of engineers will be put. Media will be engaged too. All engineers of Pakistan are invited to participate in the protest and raise ur voice for your future.
Here you go !!! The only thing that stops you to do something is your unknown spark. Once you get to know your spark, nothing is impossible. Know your identity,... know your spark, open your eyes and discover yourself. Now fasten your seat belts , hold your breath guys and get along with us on this roller coaster ride that will surely give you a lot of realisation. So it’s time to learn, unlearn and relearn. For Registration: https://goo.gl/forms/gzJa7jxZk4kJRWDt2 #UniversityOfKarachi #AOL100% #BRAIN #LetsGrowTogether
 Our Character Building S...ociety tree domain is the most predominant part of our society because the roots nurtures the tree to conquer the tremendous fruits of success. We are honored to uplift our gems for the tenure of 2018-2019

Yes, we all got the mail. As the dreadful exams are approaching fast again, the perfect opportunity has knocked your way. Keep your head in the game of scoring ...good CGPA's and make some time to loosen up and enjoy with DECS. With a completely viable package of a grand time, free transport, and amazing food, we also have a DJ at the beach, and sessions of futsal, volleyball, and tug of war! Find yourselves relaxed after this Saturday for only Rs. 500/-. Hurry up and get your passes now, because there's barely any time left! #PicnicIsComing #DECS
Now it's time for picking up some prodigies 😎 Yup! And that means it's Induction Time!! And of course like always we've brought some awe-inspiring departments t...o work in and making TnC great again. The Induction will be started from oncoming Wed-Thu Join us and be a part of this enthusiastic club.

Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. Sandspit was the venue where IEEE Karachi Section in collabration with Brain organised it's enthusi...astic and exciting event. Saad Affandi, the Founding Director and Lead Trainer of the organization carried out various mind enriching activities, making students indulge with the positive vibe on team work and leadership.  Goals were reached, potentials were tested and the beach was explored. The event resulted in the young minds believe, If you really want to fly, just harness your power to your passion.
 Make some of the best me...mories of university life, buy your tickets from the New Cafeteria or the Shawns on campus! #PicnicIsComing #DECS


 #LifelessEarth #CBS  @Character Building Society  #Comingsoon

With all the buzz about the Sessional-I results, the attendances, and the never-ending perplexing lectures, we bring to you an integral part of your life at FAS...T and especially the fall semester, a constructive twist to your restless schedule, the Annual Picnic 2018! Keep watching this space for more information, updates and some grand packages regarding the upcoming occurrence that we have in store for you!

The Character Building Society - FAST Karachi aims to nourish individuals and guide them through positive character changes and enhancements.  It is our utmost ...delight to announce that Mukhlis Fertigo and CBS joined hands to put forth an awakening session at FAST Karachi Campus. With a positive response from an enthusiastic audience, we hope to see more responsible initiatives and helping hands. #IkMukhlisanaAghaaz

Interested candidates having:  Degree: Engineers in Electrical, Mechanical, Chemical, Industrial fields
 HASCOL Petroleum Limited is seeking fresh entrants for its TRAINEE PROGRAM at different locations in Pakistan. Fresh graduates of Engineering with  CGPA less than or equal to 3.3 in the fields of Mechanical, Chemical, Petroleum, Metallurgical, Mechatronics, Electrical, Manufacturing, and Industrial can email their CVs to careers@hascol.com by Saturday 29th September 2018 4:00 p.m. The shortlisted candidates will be called for written tests next week at Karachi/ Lahore/Islamabad.
CBS is doing a Mukhlisana Aghaaz in association with Mukhlis Fertigo on 26th September. Time: 12:00 to 1:00 p.m. Venue: EE Auditorium, FAST NUCES. #CBSIntroduct...orySession #MukhlisHoneKNaatey #IkMukhlisanaAghaaz


CBS is doing a Mukhlisana Aghaaz in association with Mukhlis Fertigo on 26th September. Time: 12:00 to 1:00 p.m. Venue: EE Auditorium, FAST NUCES. #CBSIntroduct...orySession #MukhlisHoneKNaatey #IkMukhlisanaAghaaz

 Interested candidates may send their resumes at careers@codebucketz.com and mention "apply for laravel internship" in subject.
 Interested candidates may send their resumes at careers@codebucketz.com and mention "apply for Android internship" in subject.
 Interested candidates may send their resumes at careers@codebucketz.com and mention "apply for iOS internship" in subject.
Dp world Karachi is looking for 3-8 year experienced engineers with Siemens PLC n simovert / sinamics  expertise.  Interested candidates should send their cv at naveed.rehman@dpworld.com


Electrical Engineering from Fast Lahore or Punjab University?
 A must have Training course for all construction industry Professionals. Lowest fees ever in Pakistan with high quality interactive Training session. Get Trained from the Engineer and feel the difference !


IOSH Managing Safely Aazadi Package . Lets Acquire #IOSHwithBeSafe only in 12000 PKR .... This offer is valid for a VERY LIMITED TIME . Benefits: -Highly Interactive Session with Internationally approved & Industry experienced Professional Trainer. -IOSH Managing Safely International Certificate  -Refreshments  -Stationary  -Free CV making workshop  -Contact data of 1000 companies in UAE. Available -Hostel Facility. Available . . For Registration & Queries: info@besafe-training.com Mobile / whatsapp: +92 336 5296905 Landline: +92 51 4938350 . Be Safe Training & Services Pvt. Ltd.  Office # 11 1st Floor  Plaza 2000 I-8 Markaz  Islamabad #IOSH #Managing #Safely #BeSafe #SharingIsCaring #HSE #Safety
A well known multinational's local representative looking for: 1) 1-2years experienced C+/Python developer, bachelors degree (16 years of education) 2)3-4years experienced C+/Python developer with Master degree (18 years education) Send your CV to teheiniat@gmail.com
National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (FAST)-Karachi Campus is organizing Alumni Reunion 2018 on Friday 7th of September 2018 at FAST National University (Main Campus) at 7 pm (Sharp). All the Alumni's are requested to register themselves by filling in the form below. The registration fee is Rs 1,500/= (each participant) and each Alumni may bring their spouse by paying Rs 1,500/=. The amount can be paid at FAST University (City Campus) from Monday to Saturday (9 am to 4 pm). The Last date to register for the event is Saturday 1st of September' 2018.

SENIORS PLZ HELP!!!!!!! Oh bhai yeh class timings ka kiya scene hai?????? kuch samajh nahi aa raha, koi explain ker day plz
A lot of future students are worried in choosing their repective university. On the basis of my experience i would like to guide them but selection is totally on your need.  Why fast if your have other better option than it. Guys on serious note if you have any better option than fast go for it i.e. giki nust ned uet. (I got an admission in GIKI and fast both but due to my family reasons i had to choose fast). Waiting is not a problem. Look for more options keep your canvas b...road, what really you wana do not mera paroosi ne kaha ya meray papa ne kaha yeah chacha mama what so ever.  If you havent made up your mind go for markets requirement ( data sceince network security renewable energy(future) or transmission lines (power electrical) ). In fast i had admission for both CS and EE i choosed EE (it was my mistake beshak rizq ki Allah ke haath mein hai lekin mehnat humne karni hai to rizq tak pohanchne ke liye ziada mehnat karni pari).  If you have finances go abroad. In europe alot of countries offer free education in bachelors in top 100 unis. I have done my master from university of freiburg germany. The standard of education is much much higher in compare to any bachelor uni in pakistan. Their students are super smart and active. Living abrod teaches you alot of thing which you can never learn in pakistan which is as essential as education. Coz most of us are pampered my our family till 25.  Thats all from my side. Humne bhi buhat shoq se fast join ki thi. Our batch was really big in the beginning i guess 90 but in the end we were left with 50 i guess most of them moved to giki nust or abroad.
Fast electrical engineering lahore campus vs ist electrical engineering islamabad
 Is there anyone here doing CS from FAST Karachi?

 Keep yourself updated with technology before going for an interview and present yourself as an ambassador of FAST.  I have given and taken many interviews till now and I can bet no one presents themselves better in an interview (Engineering) than FASTians.  Job Market: There is a huge Alumni of FAST in Pakistan so do not worry about it. Do Engineering and Give your best as Osama Ali Khan said and you will create your own space in Indusrty.  Your Degree will only take you to the interview table and rest is up to you.
 1) If we are making this group a platform then it is requested to admins that make this group restricted only to FAST EE Karachi graduates, students and faculty members. 3) Since university is planning a reunion in September and we all want it to be fruitful activity so for that firstly lets make it a full house. Lets own it.  At least everyone in Karachi should attend it. Secondly we can have a pre-reunion meeting with our department officials at city campus to come up with an agenda for this reunion. May be only batch representatives (suggested in point 2) can attend this meeting. 4) All members of this group can send me their contacts and of any alumni, student or faculty member with batch number so that I can add them in Alumni whatsapp group. Further there are definitely some more action points that can be added to this list, everyone is welcomed.

Lets be brutally honest about FAST Electrical Engineering so many could get help from it. Like my friend and dearest seniors, Emmad Fatimi, Sarfaraz Ilyas are busy explaining why Fast is not better than any other university.  Let me say that they are right. They are honest from their point of view. What Fast does for you Fast will provide a platform for you to shine out even if you couldn't get into GIKI, NED, NUST. MIND IT THAT THESE UNIVERSITIES HAVE THEIR GRADUATES WORKING IN DIFF ORGANIZATIONS FOR 25+ YEARS NOW SO THATS WHY THEY HAVE STRONG ALUMNI.  If you couldnt make it best of the best unis, Fast can be your mediocre option from where you could complete your engineering. It has better reputation than Sir Syed, IQRA etc. And yes education is decent, it will push you till your hardest point, mentally and physically. 1. Muhammad Hassan, Etisalat UAE 2. Umair Ahmed, Etisalat UAE 3. Noman Saleem, GlaxoSmithKline  4. Me, Reckitt Benckiser formally GSK 5. Usama Naveed, MS from Australia formally KE 6. Ahmed Hasan, SGS formally KE 7. Sarfaraz Iylas, Descon Engineering  8. Naveed Rehman, DP World Those companies are not small at all. Etisalat is the best communication provider in UAE, GSK is the best pharmaceutical company of Pakistan. SGS is the best testing firm globally. Descon, best engineering projects and construction company in Pakistan. Dubai port world, one of the best container shippers in region. Its your strength your caliber that matters. I wanted to be an engineer, couldnt land in best university of Pakistan. I am thankful to FAST for providing me quality education and necessary skills to start career from leading firms in our country.
Can someone please guid me regarding hostel for NUCES, Khr? Any freshman here who is also looking for hostels? Thanks.
I graduated this fall (2018). Can anyone give me a tentative idea about how long will I have to wait to get my PEC accredition, since its vital for some universities abroad?
Well, it's useless to argue with you people (seniors) as you guys have more knowledge about a university, but my question is. Is FAST a really bad university regarding EE because I really love engineering despite its scope. There are many universities (ordinary) in Pakistan which are offering EE and students are doing it on a very large scale and even people are doing BBA from FAST, NUST, GIKI which I guess is something nobody can understand. My father told me. "Do what you l...ove. The scope doesn't matter and if that thing has really no scope than be the one to make it" So, what is the main problem we are discussing? Is this: 1) EE Degree has no value especially from NUCES,Khr 2) You wouldn't learn something extraordinary. 3) If you have more CGPA (maybe around 3.5) Companies still prefer NUST, GIKI, UET, PIEAS.  4) The student from NUST, GIKI, and PIEAS can outrun you in minutes. I live in Lahore and didn't get admission in FAST,Lhr. But got admission FAST Karachi I even submitted my fee. Do you guys really think its a bad move? EE from FAST,Khr ain't worth it.
Is there any advice you (seniors) can give to students who are about to join NUCES for EE? especially Karachi campus.
#STUDIED EE FROM FAST NUCES,WORKING AS A LEAD SUPERVISOR IN THIS GIGANTIC WORLD OF PUMA,GET A LIFE MUBASHIR
Do they mention name of the campus (city) in degree?
HIRING! A renowned multinational is hiring for the position of Project Manager. The suitable candidate must be an engineer (any discipline)/BS CS and should have total work experience of two-four years. S/he must be fluent in written and spoken English and must have knowledge of projects and project management. Previous experience in project management will be of added value. CVs to be mailed immediately teheiniat@gmail.com
Kindly seniors ya Bata dayn kay fast university EE myn Electronics, Telecommunication, Power , Computer systems myn sa major Kia subjects parhatay hain ?
DO FAST OFFERS ELECTRONICS in EE. Lahore campus.. Seniors please

Does anyone know whether power is available as a major or elective course in fast or not? For BS (EE)




IoT and Robotics | July 2018 | 3rd Batch Learn Advance IoT and Robotics with Google Fire base Cloud and Google Assistant and implement them on different robots ...using App and Web Based Control and monitoring. https://goo.gl/forms/WgJBzKtDD7vG98U53 --------------------------------------------------------------------------- For further information, feel free to inbox us or contact us at 0336-8226280, 0344-2551023 or visit our website www.mindstormengg.com
With impressive feedback and excess registrations in previous batch, we are starting new batches for the following courses for July: -Industrial Automation -IoT... & Robotics -Power Protection https://goo.gl/forms/WgJBzKtDD7vG98U53 --------------------------------------------------------------------------- For further information, feel free to inbox us or contact us at 0332-3373858, 0344-2551023 or visit our website www.mindstormengg.com

 #10PearlsITEC18 #ReshapingParadigms #VirtualReality #OculusRift #20thJuly2018
Team NEDUET ACM Student Chapter ecstatically presents our event partner – Gaditek ITEC 2018, imparting an opportunity for all the brilliant minds to drop their ...CVs and get hired and explore ways to create value that have been heretofore unimaginable. #10PearlsITEC18 #ReshapingParadigms #11thEdition #ThisJuly #BiggerAndbetter  #EventPartner #Gaditek



Here is the last call for you people to join us in communication, interpersonal, public speaking skills!! Last date to register is 9th July, 2018. In case of any issue kindly contact 051-2281178 / 03325362175

I am delighted and honoured to invite you as a President of the Crown Council of United Nations i.e United Nations Security Council for the fifth iteration of N...EDMUN. I have done my post graduation in International Relations from Middlesex University London, with specialized courses in Global Diplomacy and Public Policy Economics from the University of London and the University of Oxford.  I have been serving Model UN platform since 2009 across the globe, I am a Model United Nations Trainer and Consultant too, and have, recently, initiated an online platform to share my entire experience which gives training and tactics through social sites and a YouTube channel known as MUN4SKILLS. Furthermore, the golden achievement of my entire career is GIMUN (Geneva International MUN Conference) who selected me as a Bloc Representative/Trainer for their “OIC” delegates in, Palace de Nations UN Geneva Headquarters, Switzerland in 2012.  The glitter of my entire life is that I am the only Pakistani student who was selected by the United Nations to attend their 1st Annual Global Model United Nations workshop which was held at UN Headquarters New York in 2012. 
"You dont take a photograph, You make it" - Ansel Adams  And NEDMUN is here with an opportunity for you to cover our 3 day conference with your intense media skills! Come and capture the moments ❤️  tinyurl.com/NEDMUNMEDIA
And now, the big guns! Introducing this year's auspicious chairs, ready to address your solutions, counsel your debating skills and challenge your academics!  A...ny delegate under such a secretariat can only praise their skills! 

We are really proud to announce FAST Photographers Club as the academic partner for the Behind The Lens 2.0 powered by Nikon Pakistan. We would like to extend a... warm welcome to them. We believe, together we can do BETTER and even BIGGER. The FAST Photographers Club was formed in 2012 with the goal to provide a platform for the aspirants who are willing to pursue a sound career in Photography or are deeply in love with the fields of Journalism, Production, Film making, Photography, and other media-related scope.
 ITEC’18 is back with one of the most demanded competitions of all the times-UI/UX Designing. Defy the conventio...n, innovate,  invigorate and become a part of ITEC’18. Willing Brand Ambassadors can apply here: bit.ly/acmitec #10PearlsITEC18 #ReshapingParadigms #11thEdition #ThisJuly #BiggerAndbetter #CodeBrawl #UIUXDesigning
And now, the big guns! Introducing this year's auspicious chairs, ready to address your solutions, counsel your debating skills and challenge your academics!  A...ny delegate under such a secretariat can only praise their skills! 

 * Education:  BS/BE Computer Science/Computer Engineering... * Experience:    1+ year of experience with HTML, CSS Preprocessors,    Javascript and PHP  * Job Nature:    Full time * Location:  Karachi, Pakistan * Department:  R&D Interested candidates can send apply
 Willing Brand Ambassadors can apply here: bit.ly/acmitec #ITEC18 #ReshapingParadigms #11thEdition #ThisJuly #BiggerAndbetter #CodeBrawl #SpeedDebugging


 Willing Brand Ambassadors can apply here: bit.ly/acmitec #ITEC18 #ReshapingParadigms #11thEdition #ThisJuly #BiggerAndbetter #TechEra
Become a part of the biggest and the most fascinating IT event ITEC'18. Registrations are live now so get yourself registered and enjoy all the thrill. #ITEC18 #ReshapingParadigms #11thEdition #ThisJuly #BiggerAndbetter
With the aim to make the new learners of today the leaders for tomorrow , Team SPEC is glad to declare that Registrations of the official event of NED universit...y Electronic Department #SPEC18 are LIVE now!📣📣📣📣📣 With the most modest prices and a phenomenal list of exhilarating competitions.   #SPEC18 promises you a platform that will enable you to predict the future by inventing it in the form of most modernized and innovative robots and will make you all set for the #MegaEvent #BattleOfTalent  Don't miss out the golden opportunity as #SpecIsBack ✊ https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
 For Brand Ambassador, Apply Now: https://goo.gl/XNpbhs
 With great pleasure, we announce the dates of the auspicious annual event, I...TEC’18. #ITEC2018 #ReshapingParadigms #ThisJuly #11thEdition #BiggerAndBetter
To the world he may seem just a teacher but to his students, he is definitely a HERO!   Presenting our audience a clip of one of the most respected and reckoned... Professor from the faculty of Electronic Department NED University, Dr. Hashim Raza Khan. If he doesn't inspire you, what else will? Grab this golden opportunity to polish your skills and let the engineer inside you SHINE because #SPECIsBack. Get yourself registered via: https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
NEDMUN V is surely going places & winning all over. This time it was Usman Institute Of Technology UIT who hosted NEDMUN'V team where it's students get to know ...about the incredible conference going to happen from 13-15 July'18 in NED university. UIT? Register as delegate: https://tinyurl.com/nedmunV

 Therefore, SPEC'18 brings ...CounterStike 1.6 for your entertainment. Counter Strike has been one of the most played E-Games right now and who don't want to win a Championship of CS? Imagine yourself, not just winning the prize money but also being called as the CHAMPION. Sounds great, isn't it? Hurry up, register your teams A.S.A.P and feel the pride of being a CHAMP. https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics #MegaEvent For any querry you can Inbox us and we will respond you in the quickest mean possible.
ACD applications for NED Model United Nations are now open.  Apply now for a chance to become part of the secretariat. deadline for the application is 20th June.... Make sure to follow the instructions.  Tinyurl.com/NEDMUNACDFORMS
 Willing Brand Ambassadors can apply here: bit.ly/acmitec #ITEC2018 #ReshapingParadigms #ThisJuly #11thEdition #TechEra
The most adventurous and mind boggling competition of the ecstatic IT event, CodeBrawl awaits for you, bringing you eight astonishing competitions to acquaint y...ou with your existing talents. So are you insightful enough to surpass and tackle the real world problems? #ITEC2018 #ReshapingParadigms #ThisJuly #11thEdition #CodeBrawl Willing Brand Ambassadors can apply here: bit.ly/acmitec
In this advance era Team SPEC is well aware of the potential impact of simulation based engineering and it's importance . To nurture your simulation skills and ...expertise we are unveiling the ever famous CIRCUIT SIMULATION module to challenge all the brilliant minds out there in this #BattleOfTalent.  The competition will allow you to design the circuit based on two softwares: 1.Multisim 2.Proteus The participants will be given a set of questions to solve and they have to design a circuit for the same. So are you ready to test your dexterity and competence in this #FightOfIntelligence? Don't miss out the chance and avail this golden opportunity because #SpecIsBack for you. Click on the link given below to register yourself  Register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #FightOfIntelligence #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics #MegaEvent
Now for the main cream of the crop, introducing the topics of this year's committees. Under these 8 committees, will be a heated exchange of dialogue, followed ...by diplomatic behavior. We hope you're up to the challenge! This July, get ready to #ExpatiateCogitateArbitrate Because #FromMUNweLearn
In this advance era Team SPEC is well aware of the potential impact of simulation based engineering and it's importance . To nurture your simulation skills and ...expertise we are unveiling the ever famous CIRCUIT SIMULATION module to challenge all the brilliant minds out there in this #BattleOfTalent.  The competition will allow you to design the circuit based on two softwares: 1.Multisim 2.Proteus The participants will be given a set of questions to solve and they have to design a circuit for the same. So are you ready to test your dexterity and competence in this #FightOfIntelligence? Don't miss out the chance and avail this golden opportunity because #SpecIsBack for you. Click on the link given below to register yourself  Register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #FightOfIntelligence #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics #MegaEvent
Are you exasperated and tired by only acquiring the knowledge written in books? Squinting on components just to burn and loose them and drained of desoldering y...our mistakes?   Don't worry as #SpecIsBack to wash away all your grief and Presents you the most anticipated module of CIRCUIT DESIGNING in the #BattleOfTalent. The competitions consist of designing a circuit for a specific electronics application. The application will use the concepts from basic Analog and Digital electronics and is to be designed on a breadboard. Register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #FightOfIntelligence #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics #MegaEvent
 Registration Link: http://www.diyspacepk.com/courses/arduino-course/ Note: Limited seats. Registration is done on first come first serve basis
Here is to everyone out there. Take out your tools, refine your skills, tight your backpacks cause SPEC'18 is here for #BattleOfTalent. It's time for you to #St...ealYourChance and show others what you got. We are fascinated to divulge the levels of Quiz Competition this year. Are you ready for the biggest event of NEDUET by Electronics Department? Just keep in the loop for further exciting updates of SPEC 18.  Register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #FightOfIntelligence #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics #MegaEvent
Here is to everyone out there. Take out your tools, refine your skills, tight your backpacks cause SPEC'18 is here for #BattleOfTalent. It's time for you to #St...ealYourChance and show others what you got. We are fascinated to divulge the levels of Quiz Competition this year. Are you ready for the biggest event of NEDUET by Electronics Department? Just keep in the loop for further exciting updates of SPEC 18.  Register yourself at: https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #FightOfIntelligence #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics #MegaEvent
SPEC'18 Speed Programming Competition Patience is a virtue but not for a programmer.  Are you an expeditious programmer? If yes, then SPEC'18 is providing you an enthralling opportunity to glorify your out and out programming skills in a remarkable manner.  Participant Team Size: 2 Members Allowed Languages: C, C++, Python. IDEs: Bloodshed Dev-C++ for C & C++, IDLE for Python   https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit  #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
FIFA 18 TOURNAMENT Take on the competition on PlayStation 4 SPEC'18  gives you a chance to get into the World Cup Fever and bring out the best.  #fifa18 #Playstation #gaming #winner #brag #cred #westwoodmall #ps4 #skills #tournament #prize #SPEC18  #MegaEvent https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit

SPEC'18 Speed Programming Competition Patience is a virtue but not for a programmer.  Are you an expeditious programmer? If yes, then SPEC'18 is providing you a...n enthralling opportunity to glorify your out and out programming skills in a remarkable manner.  Participant Team Size: 2 Members Allowed Languages: C, C++, Python. IDEs: Bloodshed Dev-C++ for C & C++, IDLE for Python   https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit  #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
FIFA 18 TOURNAMENT Take on the competition on PlayStation 4 SPEC'18  gives you a chance to get into the World Cup Fever and bring out the best.  #fifa18 #Playstation #gaming #winner #brag #cred #westwoodmall #ps4 #skills #tournament #prize #SPEC18  #MegaEvent https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit
FIFA 18 TOURNAMENT Take on the competition on PlayStation 4 SPEC'18  gives you a chance to get into the World Cup Fever and bring out the best.  #fifa18 #Playstation #gaming #winner #brag #cred #westwoodmall #ps4 #skills #tournament #prize #SPEC18  #MegaEvent https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit
Making a small robot that follows a line is as easy as it comes.  With over hundreds of methods to execute this, #SPEC18 is giving students a chance to show how... well you can actually do in the competition.  Presenting you guys the time-honoured Line Following Robot Challenge, comprising of three separate levels according to experience of students. It's where we will make your bots go through mazes and challenging pathways. The details of every separate level is explained below. It's time you test your skills this year with us. May the lines be in your favour, ever. The demo track with corresponding rules is coming up shortly. For registrations, go to  https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl…/viewform… #FightOfIntelligence #LustForAchievements #BattleOfTalent #StealYourChance #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics #MegaEvent
With the aim to make the new learners of today the leaders for tomorrow , Team SPEC is glad to declare that Registrations of the official event of NED university Electronic Department #SPEC18 are LIVE now!📣📣📣📣📣 With the most modest prices and a phenomenal list of exhilarating competitions.   #SPEC18 promises you a platform that will enable you to predict the future by inventing it in the form of most modernized and innovative robots and will make you all set for the #MegaEven...t #BattleOfTalent  Don't miss out the golden opportunity as #SpecIsBack ✊ https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
With the aim to make the new learners of today the leaders for tomorrow , Team SPEC is glad to declare that Registrations of the official event of NED universit...y Electronic Department #SPEC18 are LIVE now!📣📣📣📣📣 With the most modest prices and a phenomenal list of exhilarating competitions.   #SPEC18 promises you a platform that will enable you to predict the future by inventing it in the form of most modernized and innovative robots and will make you all set for the #MegaEvent #BattleOfTalent  Don't miss out the golden opportunity as #SpecIsBack ✊ https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
With the aim to make the new learners of today the leaders for tomorrow , Team SPEC is glad to declare that Registrations of the official event of NED universit...y Electronic Department #SPEC18 are LIVE now!📣📣📣📣📣 With the most modest prices and a phenomenal list of exhilarating competitions.   #SPEC18 promises you a platform that will enable you to predict the future by inventing it in the form of most modernized and innovative robots and will make you all set for the #MegaEvent #BattleOfTalent  Don't miss out the golden opportunity as #SpecIsBack ✊ https://docs.google.com/…/1aWlhl70GA8ZgyuJXFvmHZl6-0UU…/edit #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
Dexterity win you games but teamwork and brilliance can win you championships. Lets' role, play with your friends and exhibit others what you can do when you synergize. Here comes an opening for you guys to display your mastery in competitions that #SPEC18 is offering you. Registrations will be live from this Saturday so don't overlook this golden opportunity and become a part of this years' #MegaEvent SPEC'18. An event that promises to give back. #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
So, how long do you think we will keep you waiting for registration? Not long cause as much as you want to be a part of us, we also want you to be with us. Here comes the date for our live registrations. #SPECIsBack #MegaEvent #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
Dexterity win you games but teamwork and brilliance can win you championships. Lets' role, play with your friends and exhibit others what you can do when you sy...nergize. Here comes an opening for you guys to display your mastery in competitions that #SPEC18 is offering you. Registrations will be live from this Saturday so don't overlook this golden opportunity and become a part of this years' #MegaEvent SPEC'18. An event that promises to give back. #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics

We on behalf of NED university Electronic Department feel privileged and esteemed to unveil the date and venue for the most incredible and exciting event in tow...n with high-end quality of academics and learning experience in the most affordable fees! Bigger and better than ever before.  So don't miss the chance and mark the date as #SpecIsBack  #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics Stay Tuned for more updates,  registrations will be live soon!
We on behalf of NED university Electronic Department feel privileged and esteemed to unveil the date and venue for the most incredible and exciting event in tow...n with high-end quality of academics and learning experience in the most affordable fees! Bigger and better than ever before.  So don't miss the chance and mark the date as #SpecIsBack  #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics Stay Tuned for more updates,  registrations will be live soon!

 While traditional General Assembly committees operate on consistent timelin...es, Crisis does not. Crisis commitees are innovative, compelling and demand quick thinking.  Undoubtedly, the general assemblies are more related to the actual workings of the United Nations but the crisis commitee offers a new challenge which most of the the delegates yearn for. The thing that makes crisis so special are the issues that can arrive at any moment and you're not prepared for them, this develops and encourages quick thinking and are very congenial, as you have to make decisions quicker than problems come your way. Put yourselves into the Crisis side of the model UN, and learn to become a versatile, diverse delegate
We on behalf of NED university Electronic Department feel privileged and esteemed to unveil the date and venue for the most incredible and exciting event in tow...n with high-end quality of academics and learning experience in the most affordable fees! Bigger and better than ever before.  So don't miss the chance and mark the date as #SpecIsBack  #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics Stay Tuned for more updates,  registrations will be live soon!
We on behalf of NED university Electronic Department feel privileged and esteemed to unveil the date and venue for the most incredible and exciting event in tow...n with high-end quality of academics and learning experience in the most affordable fees! Bigger and better than ever before.  So don't miss the chance and mark the date as #SpecIsBack  #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics Stay Tuned for more updates,  registrations will be live soon!
SPEC 2018 being the official event by NEDUET's Electronics Department is electrified to reveal our list of galvanizing competitions. We observe ourselves as an ...exciting platform for all genious geeks out there. With thrilling competitions, we aim to make learning and experience the prime objective of this event. Registrations will be live soon. Follow our Facebook page for further updates. #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
SPEC 2018 being the official event by NEDUET's Electronics Department is electrified to reveal our list of galvanizing competitions. We observe ourselves as an ...exciting platform for all genious geeks out there. With thrilling competitions, we aim to make learning and experience the prime objective of this event. Registrations will be live soon. Follow our Facebook page for further updates. #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
Partnered with the best to bring the best! We are proud to announce our IT partners, Neural Stack , on board to bringing the fifth rendition of NEDMUN to a reality. This July, get ready to #ExpatiateCogitateArbitrate Because #FromMUNweLearn
And finally, the wait is over!!! We Respect all your crave and starve you kept for this time!!! Here, is the breaking News for all of you!!! We are, unveiling t...he road to the mega event with the biggest step. Yes, you know it!! "The ambassador drive is now open” Do you have the power to lead, convince and make your impact? Then here is the best platform to vitrine your abilities and become a paladin by Representing your self as the voice of your institution and mark your self to get exciting incentives! The link to apply is: https://docs.google.com/…/116ZRnAAgTNxLOz6DMaJr7sYOBPb…/edit #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
 Registration Link: http://www.diyspacepk.com/courses/arduino-course/ Note: Limited seats. Registration is done on first come first serve basis
SPEC 2018 being the official event by NEDUET's Electronics Department is electrified to reveal our list of galvanizing competitions. We observe ourselves as an exciting platform for all genious geeks out there. With thrilling competitions, we aim to make learning and experience the prime objective of this event. Registrations will be live soon. Follow our Facebook page for further updates. #BattleOfTalent #FightOfIntelligence #StealYourChance #LustForAchievements #SPEC18 #NEDElectronics
Cheers Everyone! Coz SPEC'18 is back again with a bang 👊  **Success seems to be connected with action. Therefore successful people keep on trying their skills.** So fasten up your belt & be ready to go on a voyage of thrilling competitions & mesmerizing activities. Stay updated with our page for all the updates. https://www.facebook.com/NEDSPEC/


Cheers Everyone! Coz SPEC'18 is back again with a bang 👊  **Success seems to be connected with action. Therefore successful people keep on trying their skills.** So fasten up your belt & be ready to go on a voyage of thrilling competitions & mesmerising activities. Stay updated with our page for all the updates.
The time has come! Our message is out there, our aim is clear! Time to make all that prep bear fruit. Come one, come all! To the conference that promises an exp...erience and academics unlike any! Time to #ExpatiateCogitateArbitrate Because #FromMUNweLearn
The time has come! Our message is out there, our aim is clear! Time to make all that prep bear fruit. Come one, come all! To the conference that promises an exp...erience and academics unlike any! Time to #ExpatiateCogitateArbitrate Because #FromMUNweLearn
Brand ambassador forms are online  Click on the link below ! http://www.nedmunv.com/brand-ambassador/
The joy of giving charity in the month of ramazan is unlike any other. It's the time when we feel a special connection with the underprivileged, a time when our... muslim community becomes united.  In this spirit of helping the ones in need, Aas is reaching out to you. We hope that you will donate generously to our cause. Your donations will go towards our iftaar drive. Help us to help the ones who deserve your help. This ramzan let's spread smiles.

Required: Management Trainees Programs at Pak Suzuki http://bit.ly/2ICSp94 #jobs #pakistan




While the rates rise up, we all make sure to stock up our pantries with food items.
Knowledge, Skill, and Attitude are a perfect blend to succeed in life and your career. If you have the knowledge and the skill-set but not the right attitude, y...ou won't be able to reach places in life and vice versa. In this 2-day #LeadershipSeries program, Skill Up, Waqar Ali will teach fundamentals of basic skill development including his personal insights on how he flourished his freelance business and chose Public Speaking and Training as a career.  Join Waqar Ali's Skill Up on the 14th and 15th April 2018 in Karachi from 4:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Apply now: https://goo.gl/forms/ND3F1obr2suNRYUo1 Registration fee: PKR 2,500

Skill up is making a Leap and entering into universities now IA. This one is going to be the highlight of what skill up is about, a quick reality check regardin...g skills that are needed to grow no matter which industry you belong to and of course some fun and engagement for all of us. See you FAST-National University Karachi Campus Waaalooo.  IEEE NUCES Student Branch Karachi

 Are you all Ready to Skill Up? The commemorations will feature Waqar Ali’s talk “Skill Up” from School of Leadership,... to retort to all your freelancing and entrepreneurship knowledge. Followed by this celebration is there with cake cutting ceremony of IEEE PES DAY 2018. Date: 30th April 2018 Venue: EE Auditorium (FAST NUCES) Timing: 10:30am to 12:30pm We can’t wait to welcome you all! #IEEE_PES_NUCES #iamPESVolunteer
 Are you all Ready to Skill Up? The commemorations will feature Waqar Ali’s talk “Skill Up” from School of Leadership,... to retort to all your freelancing and entrepreneurship knowledge. Followed by this celebration is there with cake cutting ceremony of IEEE PES DAY 2018. Date: 30th April 2018 Venue: EE Auditorium (FAST NUCES) Timing: 10:30am to 12:30pm We can’t wait to welcome you all! #IEEE_PES_NUCES #iamPESVolunteer
 Are you all Ready to Skill Up? The commemorations will feature Waqar Ali’s talk “Skill Up” from School of Leadership,... to retort to all your freelancing and entrepreneurship knowledge. Followed by this celebration is there with cake cutting ceremony of IEEE PES DAY 2018. Date: 30th April 2018 Venue: EE Auditorium (FAST NUCES) Timing: 10:30am to 12:30pm We can’t wait to welcome you all! #IEEE_PES_NUCES #iamPESVolunteer
COMING SOON! The clock is ticking in as we're drawing closer to the much awaited PES Day. Get ready something Big is coming. #IEEE_PES_NUCES #iamPESVolunteer
Ladies and gentlemen, I was an intern with Nike Pakistan and they are running a giveaway for 1,000 pair of sneakers. In the first stage, they are coming to Lahore. For a chance to grab a pair for yourself, please check out the following page for more information: https://www.facebook.com/NikePKF/
We thank you for an overwhelming response. Due to a massive demand by FASTians and a limited amount of time for the big day, DECSters are all ready to deliver y...our tickets to you at your doorstep!
As the dreadful exams are approaching fast, it is now time to seize every opportunity that comes your way. While one of the most straightforward ways to keep yo...ur head in the game of scoring good CGPA's and excelling in your field is to find time to relax and enjoy; you won't find any other entertainment better than the Annual Dinner '18! With a completely staggering package of a fun time and amazing food, find yourselves relaxed after this Sunday for only Rs. 1500/-. Also find us at the City Campus tomorrow as we leave no stone unturned in assisting you. Hurry up, because there's barely any time left!

Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment. Join us on Sunday, 22nd April, 2018 at the Civi...l Aviation Club as we take you to the evening every FASTian truly waits for. With an apt price of Rs. 1500/-, have a great time creating memories with friends, along with the dinner and concert you will remember for years to come!
We don't just set precise and unerring titles for our final year students, we also bring to you some talented and emerging artists live! Bringing forward Shaher...yar Rehan, a young and talented emerging artist performing live at the Annual Dinner '18! There's barely any time left to postpone it to the last moment, hurry up and purchase your tickets to testify about an event filled with true talent and a bucket full of amusement at your service!
Straight from the jam session happening right now in Lahore. Call is all set to rock Karachi this weekend! To grab your passes, contact: Mustafa Hussain: 0332 2...617358 Hammad Jafri: 0336 2580889 This is #Call - This is #AsliWalaLive #HumZalmi #JunaidKhan #Xulfi #SultanRaja #ZulfiqarJabbarKhan
 Don't miss this fine opportunity to join your fellow former pupils, meet your juniors who have... always held you in high regards, and have a splendid time with a mind-blowing concert by the very famous Pakistani rock band, Call. Find it all in one place, Fastians and alumni; at the Civil Aviation Club on the 22nd April, 2018 for just Rs. 1500/-.

The heat wave has literally taken Karachi by the storm. However, we have you covered even in this scorching heat! Quench your thirst and feel your best with our Beverage Partners, Pakola! 
It's tough living a boring life, so spray on some fun and enjoyment on it by joining DECS in the Annual Dinner '18 followed by a concert by Call! We are left wi...th only five days, so get your hands on a DECSter or meet us at the desk near shades and purchase your passes for a fitting amount of Rs. 1500/- only without making any further delays!

Finaly the wait is over. Reveling the logo of IEEE PES NUCES. A chapter of IEEE NUCES which will give you Power and Energy in an Electrifying way. Stay tuned with IEEE PES nuces. #IEEE_PES_NUCES
The revolutionary storm of Power has arrived... IEEE-PES invites you to invest your time in your bright future. This branch of IEEE will bring to you the world ...of Power Engineering. Inspiring sessions, Informative workshops and much more will be there for you to avail. So keep watching this space for more information. Stay Tuned IEEE-PES Chapter FAST-NUCES https://www.facebook.com/IEEE-Power-And-Energy-Society-PES-NUCES-Chapter-208787093225999/
The revolutionary storm of Power has arrived... IEEE-PES invites you to invest your time in your bright future. This branch of IEEE will bring to you the world ...of Power Engineering. Inspiring sessions, Informative workshops and much more will be there for you to avail. So keep watching this space for more information. Stay Tuned IEEE-PES Chapter FAST-NUCES
The revolutionary storm of Power has arrived... IEEE-PES invites you to invest your time in your bright future. This branch of IEEE will bring to you the world ...of Power Engineering. Inspiring sessions, Informative workshops and much more will be there for you to avail. So keep watching this space for more information. Stay Tuned IEEE-PES Chapter FAST-NUCES
The revolutionary storm of Power has arrived... IEEE-PES invites you to invest your time in your bright future. This branch of IEEE will bring to you the world ...of Power Engineering. Inspiring sessions, Informative workshops and much more will be there for you to avail. So keep watching this space for more information. Stay Tuned IEEE-PES Chapter FAST-NUCES
 So to all the talented ones among youth, join us on 28th of April to be a part of something happening for the very first time in the history of Pakistan. Become a part of this prestigious event so you can out-class the mainstreams, to out-stand from the crowd, to get to chase your goals, to get to run after your ambitions, to get to live your dream, to spread smiles and above all, TO MAKE THEM LAUGH.  And to each and every one of you; put your work, studies, chores, worries, depression, problems, daily grind aside and take out these 3 hours for yourself to smile, to laugh, to sing, to dance, to be care-free, to be happy and above all, TO LIVE.  And above all, for both the participants and audience, CsayComedy is completely free of cost. Because we believe in PROVIDING Platform & Entertainment, not to SELL them.  Participants Registration Form: http://bit.ly/csaycomedy1 Audience Registration Form: http://bit.ly/csaycomedyaudience For any queries, feel free to contact: • +923062386056 (Salman Raza-Event Head) • +923452327164 (Yasir Shahani-Event Head)

FAST University welcomes all the students, faculty and management to the panel discussion organized by CBS Society in collaboration with Al Midrar Institute.  T...he event is organized to discuss the importance of character, ethics and moral values and how corporate world, media industry, academic world and religious community can help the students know the principles to a  character filled personality. We are very much honored to announce the respected panelists who will share their thoughtful views with us. 1. Mr. Abdul Haseeb Khan (CEO, Brookes Pharmaceuticals) 2. Mr. Agha Masood (Journalist and Columnist) 3. Shaykh Atif Ahmed (CEO, Al Midrar Institute) 4. Dr. Hasina Khatoon (Director, FAST University


Did curiosity kill the cat? Try it with laughter now. Can you make people laugh?  Can you spread smiles on faces? C say Comedy is the right place for you to dro...p by then. Do register in the next big thing never happened before.  And guess what, without any registration fees. :) Registration Form:  http://bit.ly/csaycomedy1 #NAPforYouth #CsayComedy #AbAyenGeUparSe
Glace logistics (Pvt.) Ltd. is a renowned solution provider company, associated with many Korean and European brands. 1-Sales Manager- HVAC: Candidate must have 5 to 7 years experience in relevant field. Engineering graduate + MBA would be preferred. 2- Sales Engineer- HVAC: Candidate must hold engineering degree in Mechanical/Electrical. (Fresh to 1-Year experience) 3- Installation Head- HVAC: Candidate must have experience of 10-12 years in execution of multi dx-units and chill water systems. Interested candidate can send their detailed CV at hasham.siddiqui@glacelogistics.com 

Did curiosity kill the cat? Try it with laughter now. Can you make people laugh?  Can you spread smiles on faces? C say Comedy is the right place for you to dro...p by then. Do register in the next big thing never happened before.  And guess what, without any registration fees. :) Registration Form:  http://bit.ly/csaycomedy1 #NAPforYouth #CsayComedy #AbAyenGeUparSe
AIChE GIK Student Chapter is proud to present one of the most reputable Chemical Engineering event in the country, Chembuzz’18!  The Ambassador call is already ...underway so get yourself registered as the ambassador of your institute to avail the incentives which we have to offer. Remember, ONLY 1 DAY IS LEFT so hurry up and register at the link provided below. https://goo.gl/forms/X7wFhLlUkLeFvMWu1

 #Converge #CBS #March15th
Revealing our first speaker and his Topic for the #Converge  Time management starts with the same amount of hours – so why do some people seem to get so much mo...re done? An inability to manage time efficiently can leave anyone feeling stressed, overwhelmed, and unproductive. This workshop offers practical techniques that can be used immediately to gain control. Participants will learn how to plan and prioritize more effectively while managing interruptions and distractions. Speaker's Profile Kamran zahid is CEO of iyshcleem, and he is an optimist Training & Management Professional with ‘To-Do’ attitude & Thriving Team Leader with a ‘Can-Do’ inspiration. A social entrepreneur filled with positive energy & motivation, inspiring & motivating people around him. An ‘out-of-the-box’ thinking brain to find solutions in order to optimize processes & empower organizations. 
  Cbs Proudly presents CONVERGE, on 15th March Thu...rsday, which is all about skills development. Skills that are important to be an outlier rather being a mediocre. CONVERGE subsume topics which are as follows: • Stress management • Time Management • Winning Attitude • Character building.
AIChE GIK Student Chapter is bringing Pakistan’s most exclusive Chemical Engineering event, Chembuzz’18. The countdown has already begun!  Only 3 DAYS ARE LEFT,... so don’t miss your chance to become part of this exciting event. Register as Ambassador of your institution by clicking on the link provided below!    https://goo.gl/forms/X7wFhLlUkLeFvMWu1

 Follow us on our social media handles for all the latest updates in the world of Contrivance: #Contrivance18 #StriveToContrive #IMechEatDSU #ASMEatDSU #IEEEatDSU
AIChE GIKI chapter is proud to announce the return of its most awaited event of the year the Chembuzz’18. Our team is back with 3 days of enthusiastic learning ...and socialization!  The Ambassador Call has already been launched so don’t miss the chance to be a part of the most exclusive Chemical Engineering orientated event in Pakistan. Fill in the Ambassador forms, provided down below, and get yourself registered as your institute’s ambassador as soon as possible and avail the exciting incentives! https://goo.gl/forms/X7wFhLlUkLeFvMWu1


We promise to provide you the best value for your money. Procom is an educational gala that is poised to serve the community. The perks are:  • Free Job Fair wi...th the likes of VentureDive, 10Pearls and many more gracing us with their presence.  • Engaging seminars conducted by corporate powerhouses such as IBM.  • Complimentary lunch on both days. • Complimentary dinner on the 22nd of March.  • Free transportation from pick-up points. • A surprise social event (Stay tuned for the surprise!) So, what are you waiting for? Register now and be part of our legacy as we celebrate 20 years of success and growth!
 RULE BOOK: https://www.facebook.com/pg/Contrivance18/photos/… #Contrivance18 #IMechEatDSU #ASMEDSU #ieeedsusb #StriveToContrive
 Is your imagination being limited to a box of constraints? Our category of EE ...competitions aspires to help you break through all boxes and bounds as you take upon our challenges that test your skills and creativity. Take your pick from the following competitions and blow our audience away at Procom 2018.
Ahmed Musani and Asim Iqbal from Al Midrar Institute conducted a Training on Leadership & TeamWork at Fast Nuces University.





Registrations are live and the clock is ticking. Time has come for you to soar to excellence with PROCOM’18 but with limited seats available, it’s all about who... gets them first. We have launched our application to bring ease to our valued participants in all things related to PROCOM. Here is a video tutorial regarding how to use the application because let’s face it, it has a lot going on!
Get ready to be thrilled and also get a chance to meet Mr. Saeed Anwar at FAST NUCES main campus on 31st jan 2018.

The lady behind all the content you read from the platform of CBS. All are the art of the hand this lady. Presenting you Content Head: Ms. Bakh Qasim
Character Building Society is honoured to have a talented Individual. A person behind all tha media coverage and promtions of CBS. Along with his team and showing the great face and efforts of the Society to all. Presenting you Head of Media and Promotions:  Mr. Syed Saad Ali Affandi
The execution and implementation of all the planning and hardwork of the president and vice president is the main job of Event administrator. CBS presents Event Administrator: Mr. Wasiq Suleman



Presenting you the person behind the success and progress of Charachter Building Society. The man whos aim is to plan the best for the character for student. President: Muhammad Arsalan Tahir.
ProExpert - Professional Skills Development Program for the Keen Learners, designed to provide CV Writing, Job Interview Skills, Presentation Skills, Communication Skills and Personal Excellence by professional trainers Sir Sahib Karim Khan, SIR Ashok Kumar Seejuwani and Tulsi Kumar Seejuwani in effective practical environment, as well as special opportunity for networking in a one day workshop by The Innovators, Limited Seats are available, on 18th February, 2018, At Scout Auditorium , PHQ Sindh Boy Scouts Association, 0900 to 0200 p.m, Lunch & Certificate are Included, Invest Rs. 500 only to groom your professional life............ Confirm your registration pass 03443747156

As rightly said,

Revealing our Co-sponsor for IEEExTECH'18. We're proud to welcome Viscous.co on board with us. #WhereSuccessBegins #IEEExTECH18 #IEEE_NUCES
Revealing our Co-sponsor for IEEExTECH'18. We're proud to welcome Viscous.co on board with us. #WhereSuccessBegins #IEEExTECH18 #IEEE_NUCES
Revealing the main sponsor for IEEExTECH'18. We're proud to welcome Mindstorm Engineering on board with us. #WhereSuccessBegins #IEEExTECH18 #IEEE_NUCES

Trainee Engineers Batch 2017-18, we require CVs from freshly passed out (Electronic/ Electrical/ Mechanical/ Industrial) Engineers for a Karachi Based Power Plant. Share your Cv at planttel@gmail.com not later than November 17, 2017 with the subject line: Trainees 2018 .  Only freshly passed out Engineers would be considered.

Innovating what matters most IEEE-NUCES has come forth with IEEExTECH’17, a platform to encourage and promote technological learning, polishing the standard of ...professionalism for an individual. For the past years IEEE-NUCES has been a forefront of tech development and innovation in the region.  With IEEExTECH’17 the aim is to create a competitive learning environment, featuring an inter-university competition, with the competitors determined to excel in their respective fields, competing to prove themselves on technical as well as moral grounds. One of the highlights of IEEExTECH’17 are the technical talks, where speakers from all across the state will cover the technological aspects of the ever-growing industry, apart from that there will be a meetup for the Chairs, from all the IEEE Branches to cope up with the technological changes and challenges the industry is going through. The Event comprises of various competitions categorized with different disciples i.e. Electrical Engineering and General.  The most prominent and featured specifications of the event are; 1. ROBO RALLY 2. NETWORK DESIGN 3. CIRCUIT DESIGNING 4. SPEAK IT UP 5. PROJECT SHOWCASE 6. POSTER DESIGNING 7. HOME AUTOMATION 8. AUTOCAD The Event is set to go live on the 29th of November 2017, IEEE-NUCES welcomes you to explore what awaits you and become the part of the biggest tech innovation you will witness this year. #WhereSuccessBegins #IEEE_NUCES #IEEExTECH17
Innovating what matters most IEEE-NUCES has come forth with IEEExTECH’17, a platform to encourage and promote technological learning, polishing the standard of ...professionalism for an individual. For the past years IEEE-NUCES has been a forefront of tech development and innovation in the region.  With IEEExTECH’17 the aim is to create a competitive learning environment, featuring an inter-university competition, with the competitors determined to excel in their respective fields, competing to prove themselves on technical as well as moral grounds. One of the highlights of IEEExTECH’17 are the technical talks, where speakers from all across the state will cover the technological aspects of the ever-growing industry, apart from that there will be a meetup for the Chairs, from all the IEEE Branches to cope up with the technological changes and challenges the industry is going through. The Event comprises of various competitions categorized with different disciples i.e. Electrical Engineering and General.  The most prominent and featured specifications of the event are; 1. ROBO RALLY 2. NETWORK DESIGN 3. CIRCUIT DESIGNING 4. SPEAK IT UP 5. PROJECT SHOWCASE 6. POSTER DESIGNING 7. HOME AUTOMATION 8. AUTOCAD The Event is set to go live on the 29th of November 2017, IEEE-NUCES welcomes you to explore what awaits you and become the part of the biggest tech innovation you will witness this year. #WhereSuccessBegins #IEEE_NUCES #IEEExTECH17
Oil and gas is not only for men!  Create your team of three and apply for FRESHHH now! https://www.freshhh.net/

 Dr. Shahid Qureshi is the Program Director at IBA’s Centre for Entrepreneurial Development (CED), has a PhD in Entrepreneurship from the Technical University – Berlin and has many years of experience in this area. A fellow of the Babson Business School, member of the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) Pakistan team, and currently serving on the board of National ICT R&D Fund of the Govt. of Pakistan, IEEE NUCES is extremely honored to have him visit us tomorrow.  Come to EE Auditorium to hear from the most experienced.  Venue: EE Auditorium  Time: 2 pm to 4 pm  Date: 31st October, 2017




"THE GLEAN - HUZAIFA IBRAHIM" TRAILER Documentary Film Directed by Syed Taha Ahmed Marketed by Magnus Sports Produced By Muhammad Anas Rehman Management Ashraf ...Kalim Sponsored by Mansoor Memorial welfare society Supported by Huzaifa Ibrahim, Muhammad Saleem Chaudhry, Usama Khan




لحمدللہ بے شک ہمارے رب نے کوئی چیز باطل پیدا نہیں کی۔ عشق کو فریا لازم تھی سو وہ بھی ہو چکی اب ذرا دل تھام کے فریاد کی تاثیر دیکھ Andriod Controlled Home Automa...tion System Successful Experiment: Now you can control your home appliances with an android application. Don't need to go to switch board and turn on/off appliances manually.Now you can do this with and Andriod application.click button and control appliances. In this video I used an Fan and and light to be controlled. When I click on button ("BULB-on") in app light is turned on and when I click this button again it is turned off. Similarly when I click Button ("Fan-on") fan is turned on and when I click again fan is turned off. #Science_and_technology_is_our_Islamic_Heritage #this_is_not_a_graded_project.. #Grade_does_not_matter



 Its was a tremendous experience for both the Think n Create society and of course the participants who showed their passions. And it's only the 1st da...y of Robotics Workshop.

 Grab a PEC point+PEC certificate. For registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScL7WNYkcdmSSqnK…/viewform… Obaid Ahmed Khan: 03222070991 Muhammad Usman: 03312133844
BOL is a complete media enterprise consisting of platforms that are important and relevant to our audience; including Television, Digital Media, Print Media, Ci...nema/Movie Theatre and Radio. With a massive launch and a clear social development objective, BOL is all set to bring a revolution in Pakistan's Media Industry. Mr.Shoaib Shaikh, Chairman-BOL network. What to take from the tour; 1.Witness Fast Track Growth Opportunities 2.Learn about the Trainning Opportunities of International Standards This tour is only for Fastians Use your NU ID. For Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSctDwwVapYDa1M89Z…/viewform
IEEE-NUCES aims to celebrate diversity, discover talent from across the land and give it its due appreciation. IEEExTECH'17 is COMING SOON! With the aim to make... curious minds compete, with the ideal opportunity where innovation matters most. X-TECH is a dream for the most inventive tech nerds out there who are ready to gear up their minds and compete as specialized warriors. IEEE NUCES is preparing for xTECH’17, with IEEE leading the way in Technology.  Sit tight for what’s coming your way to experience the biggest tech event at the time!
After getting a huge response regarding the registrations of Robotics Workshop'17 , We are unfortunate to announce that the registrations of the WORKSHOP have been closed . We welcome all the participants in this delicate workshop .
 Many forms of workshop have been received . Due to a large response regarding this Robotics workshop , we have come to a conclusion th...at whoever pays the requirement first would get the seat reserved for the workshop otherwise your seat will not be reserved and the organization will not be responsible for it . Particpants are requested to come at the EE department for requirments . Timings are mentioned below.
 So Get your skills packed as Think n Create will soon bring this work shop for all the devoted robot fanatics out there. 

There's an opportunity for Electrical Engineers with 2-3 years of experience in Design Engineering. Preferebly in LV/MV switchgear.  If interested, send your CV at  tayyab.hashmi@schneider-electric.com
 You can buy your registration forms nearby the entrance of EE-Department.



Do you have what it takes to design the simplest, the cheapest and the most optimised solution for any problem thrown at you?  You have landed at the right post...!  We present you the energy drink that will stimulate your neural circuits spreading fireworks across your brain. Get ready to be tested for innovation, creation and resource management!  IEEE NUCES Robotics and Automation Society brings you Skilloholic; a one of its kind online competition. Coming soon. Stay tuned for more updates!
Are you an En-Visionary? IEEE NEDUET is giving you another chance to pitch your innovative ideas and projects to the corporate. Come forward and create an impac...t at Envision 2017. 
 Interested candidated may send your cv to awais.anjum@descon.com

 *Job Description:* Responsible for seamless operation of the entire Business Database Enterprise within Telenor Bank Pakistan. Responsible for managing a team of DBA’s who under his guidance perform management and operations of the entire Database Technology Stack. Working within the strategic direction set out by Senior Management; for servicing and optimizing databas...e technologies reducing technology operations costs and providing best possible DBA services for sustained availability and performance of enterprise business applications and data management systems. *Key Responsibilities:* * Provide the leadership and direction for delivery of highly available, scalable, consistent, quality database services and support. * Responsible for ensuring that all databases are securely operating at expected levels. Develop and maintain SLAs and metrics for all database systems. * Manages capacity planning, system configuration, performance analysis, and optimization efforts for all database systems. * Establish and implement database technology strategic direction, standards and procedures that will optimize database architectures, reliability, and performance. * Define database disaster recovery strategy and insure periodic recovery testing and audit reviews. * Desired Skills & Experience:* -- * More than 6 years of relevant technology experience. As DBA (Oracle, PL/SQL, SQL Server ) -- Experience in Query Writing, Query Optimization, Data security -- Experience in System Support (meaning: IT and Operating Systems Support)  -- Experience of Business Intelligence  -- Experience in Banking repositories will be considered a plus. --Interested candidates can forward their CV at  *yasirfayyaz@telenorbank.pk* with subject as "DBA Position Name/Position Title
11 Days Left 'till the Early Bird Discount ends! Grab your Pass NOW! Register here: http://ieee-psywc.org/registration . Registration Fee:... IEEE Members: RS 1000/- Non-IEEE Members: RS 1500/- Accommodation Fee: RS 1500 for 3 Nights (NOT included in above fee) . The discount ends on 11:59 PM - 31st July, 2017! . For Registration: Muhammad Faisal +92 337 7035055 ch.m.faisal990@gmail.com . Muhammad Haris +92 315 6220022 mohammadharis777@gmail.com #ieeesul #psywc17 #IoE #IoT


A Group of Companies in Saudi arabia urgent required . ENGINEERS. WALK IN INTERVIEWS in KARACHI from 27-03-2017 to 29-03-2017 monday to wednesday  Electrical engineers , Mechanical engineers , civil engineers , maintenance engineer , Planning engineers  need only fresh candidates. Interview Time: 10 am to 4 pm Salary 3500-4000  Accommodation , transportation , medical insurance will be provided by the company .

We're here on twitter now! Gear up and be prepared for Procom'17. We want you to be connected to the Procom family as much as you can, so follow us for more details and exciting new updates. 
PSO Summer Internship Program 2017 Eligibility criteria  Aamir Rana  3/15/2017 06:18:00 pm Pakistan state oil limited offering Internship program for fresh graduates and master degree holders. PSO is largest oil company in Pakistan now offering Summer Internship Program. It’s a wonderful program for fresh BS Hons and engineering degree holders, the engineering graduate can submit their application form within 15 days means till end of this month March 2017. PSO Summer Internship Program 2017 Eligibility criteria How to apply: Universities are required to submit the data in a prescribed format (excel sheet attached) of all eligible applicants after proper scrutiny at university’s end. The data should reach us within 15 days of placement of this ad on PSO website on the following email addresses: Female candidates are encouraged to apply for Internship Program. Eligibility criteria: BBA Hons (16 years of education program) & Engineers (Mechanical, Electrical, Civil, Computer Science & Software Engineering. Students of 6th, 7th & 8th semesters only Minimum CGPA 2.7 Students should be screened by their respective university placement office. Applications from individual students will not be entertained. Note: Students are requested to contact their university's placement department. CVs submitted directly by the students will not be entertained.
https://www.wellingtonnz.com/…/looksee-candidate-registrat…/

Check out this job at Unilever: UFLP Graduate Marketing 2017

http://www.rozee.pk/electrical-engineer-karachi-jobs-538260…
Electrical/Electronics engineers required with minimum 1 year experience. Position is based in Hyderabad Sindh. FASTians are preferred.
Recruitment form for applying as a Coordinator and Officer in Printing department of JAZBA. #JAZBA16 #HaiJazba? https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSc4tvCtg2unjGtoZD…/viewform




What? How? When? To brief you all about one of the most awaited events of the year, we bring you the Introductory Session for PSYWC'16 tomorrow! Venue: EE Audit...orium, FAST-NUCES, Main Campus, Karachi  Timings: 11:30a.m. to 1p.m. Ensure your presence there, all the best! #IEEE #PSYWC #IEEENUCES #WhereItAllBegan


Descon internship program at Head Office-Lahore
 Do Apply If You Are Interested ! https://goo.gl/forms/MgG0CJ8jRIYdv3Sn2


For BA, BBA, BSc, B.Com with 0-2 year of experience.. Apply Now.

To order call 02134028305 Or visit Pak Electronics Store,located at B.B. Shopping Mall,opposite NED University,University road,Karachi


Required: Interns for its IT Department at Muller & Phipps Pakistan  #jobs #pakistan

For Civil / Electrical / Mechanical Engineers / IT Engineers / Software Developers / Human Resource / Marketing / Finance /  Supply Chain Management  #jobs #internships #pakistan
7th IEEEP Fair 2016 is the biggest Electrical, Electronics and Allied Engineering Industrial Exhibition in Pakistan. Website ink is given below: http://www.ieeepfair.com/
http://curcle.co/jobs/nlc-internship-program/

Everyone of us are #Programmers in life BillGates teaches IF statement of computers What are you #Learning & Teaching?



Descon Future Leaders Internship Program (FLIP) 2016. You can apply between Tuesday, May 10, 2016  to Friday, May 13, 2016  for an unpaid internship of 4 weeks.
Looking for Internship or a job? Checkout Pakistan Interns App.. Getting you the best available opportunities.. Download Google App now.. http://curcle.co/interns/




IEEE NUCES would like invite you to one of the most anticipated events of the year, Green Energy Showcase 2016. The event covers the showcasing of projects made... by students of NUCES FAST Karachi related to renewable energy generation. The event will be observed on 25th, April 2016(Monday) at IEEE NUCES Student Branch Karachi.
Students from Account & Finance, Audit, Business Development, Corporate Social Responsibility, Customer Services, Engineering, Graphic Designing, Health Safety ...&, Environment, Human Resources, Imports & Logistics, IT Solutions, IR & Administration Maintenance, Marketing & Sales, Power Projects, Product Developments, Quality Control, Supply Chain... Can Apply..




One week left!  Top three teams will win a total of €25,000! Apply!
Foresting collaboration, inspiring innovation. IEEE NED collaborates with IEEE NUCES. #IEEENUCES #StrategicPartner #GFKProcom16 #ExpandingPossibilities



Wanna check/groom your entrepreneurial skills? Not getting a chance? Well then your in luck. PIEAS is arranging an event totally on entrepreneurship. Participate in it and seek for the best in you.... reg. ends on 7th march. so hurry up.
GRAND COMPETITIONS.  Taking place in PIEAS. Another opportunity awaits you just to showcase your skills and abilities.  Interested students can contact me.  reg. ends on 10th march.
Is your project that big of an idea or an innovation that the world needs to see it?  Can it advance technology for Humanity?  if yes then, then this challenge ...is for you.  Show us what you got. This will be a national  online competition. Get Ready.
We Proudly announce IEEE-NUCES as Official Strategic Partner of GFK Procom 2016. IEEE-Nuces Section setting the vision to serve the IEEE – World’s largest assoc...iation, providing a platform for technical professionals everywhere in his surroundings. IEEE-Nuces Section strives to be universally recognized for the contributions of technology and helping professionals for improving global conditions. #GFKProcom2016 #PoweredBy10Pearls #ExpandingPossibilities


Inspectest Trainee Engineer Program
We are currently requiring Research Engineer for our Karachi based organization for Battery Algorithm development. The Person will be required to work full time... for us to Research and analyze different State of Charge, State of Health Algorithms for Lithium ion and Lead Acid Batteries.Expertise in Matlab and strong background of Mathematics is must.
Inspectest Trianee Engineer Program



 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
As the biggest student body of FAST-NU Lahore, SOFTEC has initiated the selection of Batch Ambassadors from all discplinces and years to involve ALL students of the university in a better way. Find your batch representative here for anything regarding SOFTEC '16.

 Register NOW!   Link to register for DSU students only : tinyurl.com/ieee-dsu-khudi  Link for other universities students: tinyurl.com/ieee-khudi


 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…


Please participate in our online survey. We need your input.




 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
One of the best book for Electrical engineering Download free from the link below --------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/VYqFyM ----------------------------------------------------------



 - Free social event(s) (Upto three Passes)... - Certificate of Brand Ambassador  - Recognition as Brand Ambassador on Official Page - Best three Brand Ambassadors will get shield of OC  And Much More * You will be notified about selection criteria Via email
 - Free social event(s) (Upto three Passes)... - Certificate of Brand Ambassador  - Recognition as Brand Ambassador on Official Page - Best three Brand Ambassadors will get shield of OC  And Much More * You will be notified about selection criteria Via email
3 Days Winter Tour to NEELAM VALLEY. 22-24 Jan 2016. PkR. 6000/- For tickets booking. 0315-5443137 | 0315-5443136  |  0300-7964721... https://www.facebook.com/events/956695594422707/

EESINT is arranging a Professional Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA in Islamabad and Lahore,Pakistan.  We have complete SIMATIC hardware , first class demo kit and complete Range of Training Kits which no one else has such authorized set-up in Pakistan.  We believe in quality therefore training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation.  This workshop provides complete knowledge of process and manufacturi...ng industries and significance of automation controllers in those Industries. Fresh Graduates, Electrical, Electronics,DAE are encouraged to attend this workshop. This workshop will also help in Final year projects of students working in PLC, HMI, SCADA. For Further Details Call/SMS : 0302-8383212 0303-4851212 0307-7761212 Registrations can also be done On-line: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
Hurry Up...! Very Few Seats are Left for 3 Days Winter Tour to Neelam Vallay. Dated: 22-24 Jan 2016 PKR: 6000/- (Islamabad) PKR: 7600/- (Lahore) For Booking Contact: 0315-5443137 | 0315-5443136  |  0300-7964721... https://www.facebook.com/events/956695594422707/
Light & Life, Dynamics of Human Thinking & Heart By Ustaaz Adeel Arfeen. 1.Significance of the Human Heart and Human Thinking... 2.Relationship of the Human Heart and Human Thinking 3.Functions and Dynamics of the Human Heart and Human Thinking 4. Quranic Disposition of the Human Spiritual Heart and it's Names.  5.Vision of the Human Heart and it's Compositions with regards to Clarity and Certainty. 6. Act of the Heart in accordance to Disbelief, Belief and Hypocrisy 7.The Challenges of the Human Heart and Thinking with regards to Doubts and Desires 8.The Search of the Heart and the Sukoon (Settlement) of it's Components 9.The Flight of the Human Heart and Human Thinking. 10.The Heart of the Prophets and the Saliheen (May Allah have Mercy on all of them) 11.The Human Heart between Hope, Fear and Love 12.The Human Heart's struggle against Death and Darkness of Impatience and Inconsistency.  13.The Light of the Heart within the Universe and the Sharia 14.The Life of the Heart with regards to Practice, Performance and Perception of Islam. To Register: http://goo.gl/forms/GGc5Ku3ifV
 Duration : 2 Years, 4 Semesters (4 Months or 160 hours per semester) Venue: Al Midrar Institute in D.H.A. Phase 7 & Gulistaan-e-Jauhar To Register: http://goo.gl/forms/VndfmNIZj2
EESINT is arranging a Professional Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA in Islamabad and Lahore,Pakistan.  We have complete SIMATIC hardware , first class demo kit and complete Range of Training Kits which no one else has such authorized set-up in Pakistan.  We believe in quality therefore training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation.  This workshop provides complete knowledge of process and manufacturi...ng industries and significance of automation controllers in those Industries. Fresh Graduates, Electrical, Electronics,DAE are encouraged to attend this workshop. This workshop will also help in Final year projects of students working in PLC, HMI, SCADA. For Further Details Call/SMS : 0302-8383212 0303-4851212 0307-7761212 Registrations can also be done On-line: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
 This is a limited time offer. So get your cheapest computer now and keep sharing. Maybe you are the lucky winner!
First and only GOVERNMENT APPROVED COMPANY FROM PAKISTAN GOVERNMENT Provide Home Based Jobs For all people. Upto 150$ Salary Easy Typing , SMS , OLX  Jobs and Facebook Jobs. Visit our website and start earning From today. www.pakhousejobs.pk

Interested ppl apply ASAP with my reference
A leading textile firm in Karachi requires Fresh (less than one year experience) Mechanical and Electrical Engineers for the post of "Trainee Engineer". Eligibility: 1) BE from an HEC and PEC affiliated university with min CGPA:2.5 (Preferably from NEDUET) 2) Less than one year experience Interested candidates may send their resume on: momer207@gmail.com Interested ppl apply ASAP with my reference
 All the batches of FAST EE department are here. Get interacted with all your engineers. Get help in all sorts of issues. FAST-EE  What encouraged us to make this Group; 1: sharing of thoughts  2: interaction b/w freshmen,sophos,juniors nd seniors
The wait is finally over.NEO is back and bigger than ever.Gear up and get ready for the biggest technical event of the year.Avail your chance to spend three days at the prestigious institute,testing your mettle along with enjoying our social events.Register now at http://ieeegiki.org/      .LAST DATE FOR REGISTRATION IS 20 DECEMBER 2015.
 Atten. Electrical Professionals & Students. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training which consists of: • PLC... • HMI • SCADA • Process Control using RTUs • CNC base automation • Design automation - Pro-E (Mechanical) • Solar system • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com https://www.facebook.com/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions-635099469906114 For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03224096522 03008463173 03008463172 03414573107 Head office :- First Floor, Building # 68/69B, Lalazar commercial Market, raiwind Road, Lahore. Pakistan For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvXJ…/viewform
3 Foreign Internships/Research programs for you guys!  http://www.whoi.edu/main/ssf/program-overview http://www.cshl.edu/Education/Undergraduate-Research.html http://www.cse.gatech.edu/research/cruise
Regards #IEEE #MEDIA & #PROMOTION
Regards #IEEE #MEDIA & #PROMOTION
AIAA GIKI Chapter is pleased to announce that on request of our most respected ambassadors and participants the deadline of registration for Air'Ex'15 has been ...extended up to 13th of November, 2015. Registration form link: http://goo.gl/forms/6aOn5Go5mr For event details check out our Liaison package: www.dropbox.com/s/rfjc7dkkgs6eqv9/AirEx15LiaisonPackage.pdf
If think u have a business plan and it has the earning potential and u want to find investors to invest in your business or to explore and advertise your idea to the world then come and register your self in the Electrica startup event held In FAST University Islamabad. Rewards : 1. Opportunity to meet with investors and business man. 2. Shield + Certificate of excellence will be awarded to winner team. 3. Certificate of participation will be given to all the teams participat...ing in this event. so come and register yourself as soon as possible to grab the chance to explore your self. we have only limited seats available.
Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of November 2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039.
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/CH2cJE -------------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/e4K1uB -----------------------------------------------------------------





A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/WhdUQN ------------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/dXi3S6 ------------------------------------------------------------------
Here's your chance to apply for the most exciting and thrilling event at GIKI. AirEx'15 will repeat its history of being one of the most reputable and commendab...le event in the field of Aeronautics and Astronautics in Pakistan. Last date of registration is 13th of November 2015. The registration link and details are given below. Apply away! Registration form link: http://goo.gl/forms/6aOn5Go5mr For event details check out our Liaison package: www.dropbox.com/s/rfjc7dkkgs6eqv9/AirEx15LiaisonPackage.pdf

A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/o90e0r ---------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/lDPTaC ------------------------------------------------------------------



A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/5oHjYA -----------------------------------------------------------------

Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of October 2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039.
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/kiV5IF ------------------------------------------------------------------


A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/yWcHIx -------------------------------------------------------------------


https://www.facebook.com/events/1046019438753452/

Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of November 2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039.
Power Electronics-A First Course Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/YGOCB4 -------------------------------------------------------------------
Electric Energy Systems Theory-An Introduction Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/eUuySS ------------------------------------------------------------------
Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of October 2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039.

A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/KR4ism ------------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/BkIAkd -----------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/zGMbMN ------------------------------------------------------------------

BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 For Online Registration Please Fill the online form.... https://docs.google.com/…/1TJjB9BUUO9qzSu2yigprxC8…/viewform
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/EoqBGu -----------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/dPAaVQ ------------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/hdihsb -----------------------------------------------------------------



A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/YbmO0l ------------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/i2LZUB ------------------------------------------------------------------
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and... email address on above mention numbers. Hostel will be provided for the candidates outside the Lahore. For Online Registration Please Fill the online form. https://docs.google.com/…/1TJjB9BUUO9qzSu2yigprxC8…/viewform

A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/TyrL8z ------------------------------------------------------------------

A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/i0MXbD ------------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/MUFIAL -----------------------------------------------------------------

Hello everyone! ITEC is scheduled to take place on October 5th, 2015. ITEC 2015 provides WEB DESIGNERS an opportunity to craft and polish their web designing skills through the real-time challenges and market based approach/scenarios used at ITEC WEB DESIGNING COMPETITION 2015. So,come participate and mold your web designing skills into the art of web design. What are you waiting for ,do register yourself as soon as possible at www.neditec.org.pk... Hurry up registrations are open for a limited time only.. Web designing competition is honorary sponsored by SYSTEMS LIMITED. This year, ITEC brings TEN fascinating competitions For more details join following group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/webcompetition15/


A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/eQjKcO ----------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/aFrRfN ------------------------------------------------------------------

A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/qkWEMS -----------------------------------------------------------------

A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/uhwXTV ------------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/DWkBkg -----------------------------------------------------------------
A nice book for Electrical engineering Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/OjlxxT ----------------------------------------------------------------
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…



 For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training which consists of: • PLC  • HMI ... • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | trainings@electromes.com 03018463171 https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…



Jb se classes start hoe ha 2015, ja ktna ktna para dia hoga???,  I am 10 days lateee

So people wait is finally over.!! Ambassador Call officially starts from today. Get yourself registered and join us to make this event more exciting and thrilli...ng.!! Registration Form: http://goo.gl/forms/s7yQa8nPI1 Ambassador Package: https://drive.google.com/…/0B9UJS352tAgTX0gxZE9VanB0N…/view…
3000 solved problems in electric circuits Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/8cgK1U ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…

Principles And Applications of electrical and engineerings Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/nezCmX --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Starting Electronics Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/3GQExm --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Electronics Theory And practice Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/CdPx3n -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training which consists of: • PLC  • HMI ... • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | trainings@electromes.com 03018463171 https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…

Electronics for Dummies Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/nG6gCy -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Electronics for communication Engineers Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/D04Q9f -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded.




Digital Electronics Download from the link below ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/BqVv4s -----------------------------------------------------------------------------



Power Electronics Converters and regulators Download from the link below ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ https://goo.gl/nHmosA ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Join 6 DAYS TOUR TO SKARDU - DEOSAI (Economical Package) in just Rs.21,500/- from Lahore and Rs.20,000/- from Islamabad. (11 Aug - 16 Aug) Package includes; Air Conditioned Transport | Quality Meals | 5 Night Hotel | Camping Optional | Jeep Charges | Guided Hike | Bonfire | All Tolls and Taxes Limited Seats | First Come & First Get. Event Link: www.facebook.com/events/1588656131422102... For Ticket Booking Contact: 0315-5443136 | 0315-5443137 | 0300-7964721 Website: www.adventuretimeclub.pk Email: AdventureTimeClub.ATC@hotmail.com


Electricity and electronics for Hvac Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/6EFCHh --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded.




Electronics Workshop companion for hobbyists Download link ------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/MfKAfB -------------------------------------------------------------------------



Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of August 5,2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039

Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of August 5,2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039
Electronics for you, Latest technology trend Download link ------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/5Nwf7N ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Electronics a Complete Course Download link ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/fRjeNr --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.



Electronics,Information Technology and Intellectualization Download from the link below ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/v7q8jl ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of July 29,2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039

Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of July 29,2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039
Who want to Enjoy live BBQ & Bonfire at Rattigali lake and in Arang kel Neelam valley. Plan your weekend with Adventure Time Club at best ever affordable rates for Neelam Valley For Ticket Booking Contact: 0315-5443136 | 0315-5443137 | 0300-7964721 Event Link www.facebook.com/…/a.533410870031229.1073…/893036534068659/… Event Link www.facebook.com/events/1641290456091954 Event Link www.facebook.com/events/788702841243068/ Website www.adventuretimeclub.pk Email info@adventuretimeclub.pk Email adventuretimeclub.ATC@hotmail.com
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…

Electronics and Circuit Analysis using Matlab Download from the link below --------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/ASNdlh ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
SENTEC is providing a platform to present your inventions, SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!!! .Register and get 30% discount for project and robotics exhibition bef...ore 15th July,2015. only 4 days left. For registration visit:  http://form.jotform.me/form/51393493039460 For details Visit: http://sentec.neduet.edu.pk/
Fundamental of Electromagnetics with Matlab Download from the link below ------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/9lIJKp ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
For Free Home Delivery Pass Fill Online Form...  https://docs.google.com/…/13GwnVKquYgcczwKt-XmNV6b…/viewform https://www.facebook.com/events/999874380045271/
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
AOA! Any one know great, professional and registered institute for Audio, Video mixing at Islamabad location, which arrange classes and provide certificate. please inform me urgently.

BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.



Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of July 29,2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039

Meet Mr. Ravendar Bhojwani, Software Engineer at Amazon(USA) and Chair of IEEE Young Professionals Seattle Section. Mr. Ravendar is first ever Pakistani to rece...ive IEEE Asia Pacific Larry K Wilson Award (2009) and IEEE Computer Society Richard. E. Merwin scholarship (2010). His success story is among the ones who have inspiration for not only people and specifically IEEE members from his region only, but for whole world and considering that, HOIEEE interviewed him to explore more in detail on how he gain all that up.  In his own words he said " After moving to USA for graduate studies, I volunteered as Global Student Representative for IEEE Computer Society and it was first time ever that a student was sitting in IEEE Computer Society Board of Governors to represent all student body. I have met and keeping meeting so many incredible people throughout this journey. Whenever I moved to new city, local section people are my first circle of friends that I have found. " "I started programming when I was 13 years old living in small town of Sindh Pakistan called Ghotki and I am talking about year 2000 when there was no internet available in my town and I used to walk couple of kms to use a computer though I eventually got one later on. I was bound to become a programmer as soon as I wrote my first toy program in GWBasic. What I didn't realize on that time was what software is capable of doing – it can change the world. I learnt this from IEEE. After joining IEEE in my freshman year, I was exposed to new technologies and research beyond textbooks via its technical magazines and by meeting amazing people from across the world. My definition of looking at any technical problem changed all together. Today while in Amazon as Software Engineer, I don’t think about how to solve this problem but what will happen if I solve this problem, what difference and impact my work is making in this world? My time in IEEE has been nothing less than a blessing for me. I met so many amazing people while traveling for various conferences across the world that I always come back with more adrenaline to do better and more good for this world. My volunteering experiences in IEEE ranging from leading a student branch as branch chair of 100+ students or very 1st Global Student Representative at IEEE Computer Society Board of Governors gave me excellent opportunity to build my leadership and communications skills. These intangible skills are equally important to succeed as an engineer in Industry as technical skills." He further added- " My message to student members would be please think beyond just landing a good job or getting “A” in class. Those things should be part of your journey but not the destination. As an Engineer, you have an opportunity and skills to change this world. Go out and do this. And IEEE and it’s member are great resources to help you out in this journey."  Humans of IEEE wishes all the best to Mr. Ravendar for his future endeavors.

Electronics devices by floyd Download from the link below --------------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/YDF4Q0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Announcement !!!  FREE Seminar Month of July 27,2015 at Lahore Campus. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039
https://www.facebook.com/events/999874380045271/


A nice book for Matlab Download from the link below ---------------------------------------------------------------------- https://goo.gl/gYEXMS -------------------------------------------------------------------


 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…

BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.



CERTIFIED .NET SPECIALIST ( Limited Seats ) at EVS Lahore 6 MONTHS TRACK start date June 26, 2015  For further Details & Registration Contact: 042 111 685 822 and 0300 410 2039


 For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI ... • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | trainings@electromes.com 03018463171 https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…




 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…


Descon Engineering Limited (EPC Power Business Area) seeks services of a Graduate Engineer (Civil, Mech, Electrical, Chemical) with 3 to 9 years’ experience (for Engineer) and 10-14 (senior position) in planning & monitoring; well versed with modern project control techniques; must have 5 to7 years of working experience on Primavera (P3 & P6); should be familiar with contracts administration and claims management. Location: LHR. If interested hesitate not to send your resume.



 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
 For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI ... • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | trainings@electromes.com 03018463171 https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.


BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.



Come Join Us In this Mega Event.... https://www.facebook.com/events/532053760266360/
Upcoming Events: Get Your Seats Registered Now!  #KhanpurDam: https://www.facebook.com/events/1436214640030158/ #NilanBhotu: https://www.facebook.com/events/829...528603761206/ #SharanForest: https://www.facebook.com/events/457912957708571/ Registration Form : http://goo.gl/forms/J1vpBsVunT
 So, all the unemployed PEC registered engineers, send your data either to both, the above mentioned e-mail id and the one given on the poster..
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.

CERTIFIED .NET SPECIALIST ( Limited Seats ) at EVS Lahore 4 MONTHS TRACK ( for Programmers ) start date May 26, 2015  6 MONTHS TRACK ( for Non-Programmers ) start date May 28, 2015 For further Details & Registration Contact: 042 111 685 822 and 0300 410 2039



Booking in progress for | 12-DayTrip | to Hunza and Fairy Meadows Starting From 2nd June to 13th June 2015. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Event Link:-  https://www.facebook.com/events/1573922526197080/ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------... Last date For Joining / Registration is 15th May 2015. Register here: http://goo.gl/forms/LZbAO34RpO --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Air-Conditioned Transport | Three time Meals | Hotel Accommodation | Jeep Ride | Boat Ride at Attabad Lake | Guided Trip All Included in just Rs. 24,000 from Isl, Rs25,000 from Lahore and Rs. 31,000 From Karachi. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For Details Call: 0332-5334632 , 0336- 2415528
Check and like our new project and show us your support                         by sharing it with your friends  with the time La Glace will be the planet of the best products 
GRAPHICS AND WEB DESIGNING( Limited Seats ) at EVS Lahore 3 MONTHS TRACK  start date May 20, 2015  For further Details & Registration Contact: 042 111 685 822 and 0300 410 2039
GRAPHICS AND WEB DESIGNING( Limited Seats ) at EVS Lahore 3 MONTHS TRACK  start date May 20, 2015  For further Details & Registration Contact: 042 111 685 822 and 0300 410 2039
One of the best Book for Mathematics Download form the link below ------------------------------------------------------ https://goo.gl/wMnWDF ------------------------------------------------------
Digitek Engineering is a design house offering FPGA-based design services/solutions to US clients as well as working on in-house intellectual property (IP) cores development.
 A multinational company requires a fresh Electrical/ Electronics engineer for its DATA CENTER Department. The candidate shall be flexible to work in shifts. Fringe benefits include : company maintained mobile connection , medical allowances for self, spouse and kids with a handsome salary package Interested Candidates may send their resumes at saad.ali@multinet.com.pk


 So what are you waiting for, inbox us to "Ketchup you Chip". Enjoy programming.
Booking in progress for | 12-DayTrip | to Hunza and Fairy Meadows Starting From 2nd June to 13th June 2015. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Event Link:-  https://www.facebook.com/events/1573922526197080/ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------... Last date For Joining / Registration is 15th May 2015. Register here: http://goo.gl/forms/LZbAO34RpO --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Air-Conditioned Transport | Three time Meals | Hotel Accommodation | Jeep Ride | Boat Ride at Attabad Lake | Guided Trip All Included in just Rs. 24,000 from Isl, Rs25,000 from Lahore and Rs. 31,000 From Karachi. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For Details Call: 0332-5334632 , 0336- 2415528
Descon Engineering is offering its Summer Internship Program, which has been named as  “Future Leader Internship Program” which entails a 4 weeks training in the months of June, July & August, where students join Descon and in the process they learn from real time assignments gaining hands on valuable practical knowledge in their respective fields. The registration will remain active from 6th May to 17th May, 2015. Follow the link to apply...
...........AGENDA OF CONFERENCE.........  UMEED is the Unique program which gives Youth a way to do something better for others & those who need your help.....  NOTE: YOUR REGISTRATION FEES IS FOR THE NOBLE CAUSE. For Passes & Detail Contact 0321-2686974 0313-8053000 0336-2319784 0336-3183755 0333-7234160 https://www.facebook.com/events/532053760266360/
Booking in progress for | 12-DayTrip | to Hunza and Fairy Meadows Starting From 2nd June to 13th June 2015. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Event Link:-  https://www.facebook.com/events/1573922526197080/ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------... Last date For Joining / Registration is 15th May 2015. Register here: http://goo.gl/forms/LZbAO34RpO --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Air-Conditioned Transport | Three time Meals | Hotel Accommodation | Jeep Ride | Boat Ride at Attabad Lake | Guided Trip All Included in just Rs. 24,000 from Isl, Rs25,000 from Lahore and Rs. 31,000 From Karachi. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For Details Call: 0332-5334632 , 0336- 2415528
https://www.facebook.com/electricalandelectronicsengineerin…

 For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI ... • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | trainings@electromes.com 03018463171 https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…
 So what are you waiting for, inbox us to "Ketchup you Chip". Enjoy programming.
PEL Group offering internships. Apply Now: http://bit.ly/1Azn9te Internships are for students in: Marketing, Human Resource, Finance, Commerce, Engineering (Mechanical, Electrical, Mechatronics, Chemical, Power).
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…

BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.
 So what are you waiting for, inbox us to "Ketchup you Chip". Enjoy programming.


https://www.facebook.com/pages/Electrical-and-Electronics-Engineering-Information-Forum/803450779705591?ref=bookmarks
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Electrical-and-Electronics-Engineering-Information-Forum/803450779705591?ref=bookmarks
National Youth Society Presents one of the Unique Fund-Raising Event ----------------------------------------"UMEED"--------------------------------------- (A Spark to do Something Better) Which gives Youth a way to do something better for others & those who need help and Support.... -Meet Famous Youth Icons..... -Musical Day.. -Youth Motivator Personalities  -Mind Training Activities...  -Young Performers Youth Talent Of PAKISTAN.. ---Certificates--- ---Lunch--- ---Gifts--- & Much More.... Registration Fees: Rs. 299 Per Person Only NOTE: YOUR REGISTRATION FEES IS FOR THE NOBLE CAUSE. We all can do Something Better for the Needy People. Join Us in this Cause..  Join Us: https://www.facebook.com/events/532053760266360 For Passes, Donations & Details, Plz Contact: 0321-2686974 0313-8053000 0336-2319784 0336-3183755 0333-7234160 You can also Donate or Join Us on our Facebook Page.. Link: facebook.com/NationalYS

 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
Limited Seats Available!!!!!!! Certified .NET SPECIALIST & Android Application DEVELOPMENT Course at EVS Lahore >>.NET Specialist Course Last Date of Registrati...on Tuesday(May 5, 2015) 246th batch Schedule is : Tuesday: 04:00 PM to 06:00 PM Thursday: 04:00 PM to 06:00 PM Saturday: 04:00 PM to 06:00 PM >>Android Application Development Course Last Date of Registration Tuesday (May, 05 2015) 0005 batch Schedule is : Tuesday: 06:00 PM to 08:00 PM Thursday: 06:00 PM to 08:00 PM Saturday: 06:00 PM to 08:00 PM For Further Details & Registration Contact: 042 111 685 822 and 0300 410 2039 Regards, EVS Lahore
Limited Seats Available!!!!!!! Certified .NET SPECIALIST & Android Application DEVELOPMENT Course at EVS Lahore >>.NET Specialist Course Last Date of Registrati...on Tuesday(May 5, 2015) 246th batch Schedule is : Tuesday: 04:00 PM to 06:00 PM Thursday: 04:00 PM to 06:00 PM Saturday: 04:00 PM to 06:00 PM >>Android Application Development Course Last Date of Registration Tuesday (May, 05 2015) 0005 batch Schedule is : Tuesday: 06:00 PM to 08:00 PM Thursday: 06:00 PM to 08:00 PM Saturday: 06:00 PM to 08:00 PM For Further Details & Registration Contact: 042 111 685 822 and 0300 410 2039 Regards, EVS Lahore
Pakistan’s Premier Electrical & Electronics Industrial Exhibition (IEEEP Fair) presents IEEEP Fair 2015 at Karachi Expo Center on 11th - 13th August 2015. NOTE: Final year students, go and ask the admin to register and reserve space for FAST-Karachi stall in the exhibition as a lot of companies from Electrical and Electronics Industry participates in this exhibition every year. For registration contact Syed Faisal Ali Project Head IEEEP Mobile # +92-322-9292916... For further details go to the official website:
 So what are you waiting for, inbox us to "Ketchup you Chip". Enjoy programming.

EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified Android Application Development Course. For Further Detail >> 042 111 685 822 - 300 410 2039. Free Seminar: April... 27,2015 at 08:00 PM. Last Date of Registration Tuesday(May 05, 2015) Schedule is : Tuesday: 06:00 PM to 08:00 PM Thursday: 06:00 PM to 08:00 PM Saturday: 06:00 PM to 08:00 PM Regards,  Evs Lahore.

 New stock of Raspberry Pi 2 model B. Use it as computer or use it in project, best for gifting.
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…




Like it for great offers on electronic items, pi arduino etc
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
Hardware Exhibition & Competition is the chance for those who want to work on software and hardware both simultaneously and to prove themselves as a team of professional Hardware and Circuit designers. This competition aims to show your idea of hardware designing of different type of project and interfacing with circuit through programming. This competition mainly focuses on the engineering and ingenuity skills portrayed by students in a variety of engineering projects that t...hey have developed during their engineering studies.  The ability of a team is judged as a team work and seeks for the better team players of tomorrow in the practical work of the field for our beloved Pakistan and provides them a chance to enhance their ability of competition. We will be testing your programming and interfacing skills of the Hardware. All participants are appreciated. So, what are you waiting for? Registrations are open. For further details Visit www.procom.net.pk #Procom_Net'15 Let’s make it huge! https://www.facebook.com/events/446215308875198/
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.

 ...........OUR CHIEF GUEST.........  - Abdul Sattar Edhi - Shahid Khan Afridi  - Ansar Barni https://www.facebook.com/events/532053760266360/



 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…



FOR ORDERING Click here------->>http://goo.gl/sQOABD FREE DELIVERY ALL ACROSS PAKISTAN PAY CASH ON DELIVER
 New stock of Raspberry Pi 2 model B. Use it as computer or use it in project, best for gifting.
 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…





 *EESINT is arranging a a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA. *We have Unique and first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits.  *We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. ... *Certificates will be awarded. Online Registrations: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…

http://lootlo.pk/…/electronics/usb-led-lamp-and-power-bank/…



3 Days Trip of Neelum Valley 2015.... Dated: 17th - 19th April 2015 PKR: 6500/- (Islamabad to Islamabad) PKR: 8000/- (Lahore to Lahore) Last date of Reg: 10 April 2015... Registration Booking Contact: 0315-5443136 / 0315-5443137
3 Days Trip of Neelum Valley 2015.... Dated: 17th - 19th April 2015 PKR: 6500/- (Islamabad to Islamabad) PKR: 8000/- (Lahore to Lahore) Last date of Reg: 10 April 2015... Registration Booking Contact: 0315-5443136 / 0315-5443137 https://www.facebook.com/events/386895464826574/
3 Days Trip of Neelum Valley 2015.... Dated: 17th - 19th April 2015 PKR: 6500/- (Islamabad to Islamabad) PKR: 8000/- (Lahore to Lahore) Last date of Reg: 10 April 2015... Registration Booking Contact: 0315-5443136 / 0315-5443137 https://www.facebook.com/events/386895464826574/
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and email address on above mention numbers.
 6 Volumns on "Lessons In Electric Circuits" (Total 6 Volumns in pdf): Volume I - DC (4.60 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_ElectCktLessVol1_DC.html... Volume II - AC (4.32 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_ElectCktLessVol2_AC.html Volume III - Semiconductors (3.54 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_ElectCktLessVol3_Sem.html Volume IV - Digital (3.32 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_ElectCktLessVol4_Dig.html Volume V - Reference (825.66 KB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_ElectCktLessVol5_Ref.html Volume VI - Experiments (3.45 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_ElectCktLessVol6_Exp.html 4 Volumns on "Electrical Science" (Total 4 Volumns in pdf): Vol 1. Electrical Science Volume 1 of 4 (2.29 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/file_ElectricalScience1o4.html Vol 2. Electrical Science Volume 2 of 4 (1.76 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/file_ElectricalScience2o4.html Vol 3. Electrical Science Volume 3 of 4 (1.26 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/file_ElectricalScience3o4.html Vol 4. Electrical Science Volume 4 of 4 (2.68 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/file_ElectricalScience4o4.html 5 eBooks on "Electrical" : 1. Electrical Engineering (5.53 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_ElectEngineering.html 2. The Standard Electrical Dictionary (6.42 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_ElectricalDictionary.html 3. Basics of Electricity (2.54 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_BasicsOfElectricity.html 4. Basics of Electrical Products (9.68 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_BasicsOfElectricalPr.html 5. Electrical Communication (30.4 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_ElectCommunication.html 2 eBooks on "Electrical Safety" : 1. Electrical Safety Handbook (1.51 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/file_Electrical_Safety_Hb.html 2. Electrical Safety Operation and Maintenance (2.17 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/file_Electrical_Safety_Op.html 2 eBooks on "Motor" : 1. Motor Basics (2.23 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/FileE_MotorBasics.html 2. Basics of AC Motors (3.97 MB pdf) at http://ourmumbaicity.com/File_BasicsAC_Motors.html PLEASE SHARE THESE eBOOKS WITH YOUR "ELECTRICAL" CONTACTS AND GROUPS TO BENEFIT THEM. THANKS






This is the official page of Student Professional Development Conference 2015 (SPDC '15). Like it for, info and updates regarding SPDC '15 https://www.facebook.com/spdc2015giki?ref=hl
Student Design Competition: The ASME Student Design Competition provides a platform for students to present their solutions to a range of design problems from everyday household tasks to ground-breaking space exploration. Each team is required to design, construct and operate a prototype meeting the requirements of an annually determined problem statement. The Student Design Competition showcases the extraordinary talents of mechanical engineering students while encouraging t...hem to develop innovative ideas towards an improved quality of life for all. Each year, several teams of up to four students compete at Student Professional Development Conference. The contest will include a race to pit your vehicle against others from across the country in a bid to see which design is the fastest on the track. Prize money for Student Design Competition: First place team receives $500 2nd Place: Teams receive $300 3rd Place: Teams receive $150 Winning Team will be invited to participate in the international competition held at ASME’s International Mechanical Engineering Congress and Exposition (IMECE). For further details regarding SDC visit our website:

EVS Rawalpindi / Islamabad announced FREE Seminar of Certified PHP Web Developer Course and Certified .NET Specialist Course. For Further Detail  >>  051 111 685 822 - 333 888 577 9
https://docs.google.com/…/1meUMkLso-mQSQSf-AMglv6E…/viewform


BECOME A CERTIFIED AUTOMATION ENGINEER AND SECURE YOUR JOB OPPORTUNITIES IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... SIEMENS PLC - HMI - SCADA & Field Instruments Professional Training in Industrial Environment. Get registered online: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463173 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…
EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified Graphics & Web Designing Course and Certified Java Developer Course.
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and... email address on above mention numbers. Or Email to us at  burraq@burraq.org For details visit our Website  www.burraq.org

Electrical Engineering Solutions International has launched its Software and Embedded Technology Department. We are now also offering workshops on Android Application Development and Web Development. Contact #  0307-3337610 Interested may please fill the below form https://docs.google.com/…/1dTc_kQr212oZ1eVVuT16Pp5…/viewform

A nice book of Mathematics With Matlab Download from the link below ------------------------------------------------------ http://goo.gl/irCdXN --------------------------------------------------------
BECOME A CERTIFIED AUTOMATION ENGINEER AND SECURE YOUR JOB OPPORTUNITIES  IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…

Unique and One of its kind Workshop organize for our young engineers and scientist as well as professionals who are seeking for knowledge and wants a breakthrough in a race of Networking upcoming passion, if you are one of them this conference workshop is for you. ............INTERNATIONAL COMPANIES......  Microsoft  Cisco  IBM... HP ...........AGENDA OF CONFERENCE.........  Pakistani Youth Career In I.T & Networking. Discussion On Up Coming Technology. Job Future in Networking & I.T Technical Issues Faced In IT Field. A New Era in I.T World. ............INVESTMENT.............. Certificate  Lunch Reading Material and lots more....




JOB Vacancy Alert Multinet Pakistan requires a fresh Electrical/ Electronics engineer for its DATA CENTER Department. The candidate shall be flexible to work in shifts. Fringe benefits include : company maintained mobile connection , medical allowances for self, spouse and kids with a salary package of 26K. Immediate call for interview. Interested Candidates may send their resumes at
For Passes & Detail Contact 0321-2686974 0333-7234160 0333-2054594 0334-1252101... https://www.facebook.com/events/409309089216861/?ref=ts&fref=ts


FOR ORDERING -->> http://goo.gl/LSHo2c FREE DELIVERY ALL ACROSS PAKISTAN PAY CASH ON DELIVERY
FOR ORDERING -->> http://goo.gl/LSHo2c FREE DELIVERY ALL ACROSS PAKISTAN PAY CASH ON DELIVERY

 First time in Pakistan, Latest PLC and HMI trainings on Siemens Official Training kit EESINT (Authorized System Integrator of SIEMENS) is arranging a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA in Islamabad and Lahore. -> Complete range of SIEMENS official PLC demo kits. -> Course covers the Basic PLC Programming, Hardware Configuration, Profibus, Trouble shooting, Remote IOs, HMI Tasks, Intro to SCADA and much more. -> Quality training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. -> Certificates will be awarded on completing the training, Limited seats are available. Online Registration forms: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified SQL Server Specialist.

 4 Days tour to Cholistan desert jeep rally and Bahawalpur  Few seats are left... grab your Seat ASAP.... contact: 0315-5443136 or 0315-5443137 
Ms Project 2013 Training at Technical Training It with Project Examples by Professional Planning Expert. [Planning Engineer's Usually earns PKR 40,000 to PKR70,000 Per months depending upon Experience] GET SURE JOBS AFTER THIS TRAINING

4 Days tour to Cholistan desert jeep rally and Bahawalpur  Few seats are remaining  ( Including: Transport, Accomodation, Camping, BBQ,Bonfire, etc) get your seat ASAP. few seats are remaining... call 0315-5443136 0315-5443137 https://www.facebook.com/events/1525231554402962/

EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified Graphics and Web Designing Course and Certified Android App Development Course.
iphone5 processor
EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified .NET Specialist Course and Certified PHP Web Application Development Course.
4 Days tour to Cholistan Desert , Jeep Rally & Royal Palaces of Bahawalpur. Only 22 seats are left from total 45 seats. families and girls are appreciated  For Booking : Muhammad Bilal 0315-5443136... Sajid Ali Khan 0315-5443137 Event Details: https://www.facebook.com/events/1525231554402962/
EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified .NET Specialist Course and Certified PHP Web Application Development Course.
BECOME A CERTIFIED AUTOMATION ENGINEER AND SECURE YOUR JOB OPPORTUNITIES  IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation training comprised of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consisted of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process control using RTUs • Troubleshooting tips & tricks. • Maintenance techniques • SCADA  • Field instruments  SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for group of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463172-3 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…

1.5 litre petrol available in 70000 rs and exchange possible only with apple iphone 6 Only Serious buyers inbox me...

EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified PHP Web Application Development and Classes of Certified .NET Specialist 06 Month Course.
Those Who Want To be Ambassador For Our Conference 'EVOLUTION' The Era Of Youth so Fill this online form and join us...  For Ambassador Fill Form Link Given Below...

 First time in Pakistan, Latest PLC and HMI trainings on Siemens Official Training kit EESINT (Authorized System Integrator of SIEMENS) is arranging a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA in Islamabad and Lahore. -> Complete range of SIEMENS official PLC demo kits. -> Course covers the Basic PLC Programming, Hardware Configuration, Profibus, Trouble shooting, Remote IOs, HMI Tasks, Intro to SCADA and much more. -> Quality training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. -> Certificates will be awarded on completing the training, Limited seats are available. Online Registration forms: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
Meri percentage 1st year me 55 % hai with a supplement of chemistry .. Mjhe FAST-NU me BSCS me admission lena hai .. Kya me abhi eligible hun ?? Ya 2nd year ke result ke baad 2016 me test dun ??
become a Hardware Developer this winter! contact for complete course outline and trainer's profile. info.geekfreaks@gmail.com
BECOME A CERTIFIED AUTOMATION ENGINEER AND SECURE YOUR JOB OPPORTUNITIES  IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…
The TOEFL test helps prove you have the English skills you will actually use in an academic classroom. It is the most widely accepted English-language test in the world, including more than 9,000 colleges, universities, agencies and other institutions in 130 countries. By sending TOEFL scores to your selected university, you will be proving that you are ready for academic success. Therefore, for preparation of TOEFL Test best books are available, Click on link below  --------------------------------------------------------- http://goo.gl/8hDKur ---------------------------------------------------------------
For Registration Go To Event Link Or Cal On Given Numbers Below Poster... https://www.facebook.com/events/409309089216861/
 https://www.facebook.com/events/409309089216861/
Exercises in Computational mathematics with Matlab Download from the link below -------------------------------------------------------- http://goo.gl/WU4Ypn ---------------------------------------
 First time in Pakistan, Latest PLC and HMI trainings on Siemens Official Training kit EESINT (Authorized System Integrator of SIEMENS) is arranging a hands on Training session on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA in Islamabad and Lahore. -> Complete range of SIEMENS official PLC demo kits. -> Course covers the Basic PLC Programming, Hardware Configuration, Profibus, Trouble shooting, Remote IOs, HMI Tasks, Intro to SCADA and much more. -> Quality training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation. -> Certificates will be awarded on completing the training, Limited seats are available. Online Registration forms: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform…
EVS Lahore announced FREE Seminar of Certified .Net Specialist Program.

https://www.facebook.com/events/409309089216861/

BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and... email address on above mention numbers. Or Email to us at  burraq.engineering@gmail.com



EVS Lahore announced Classes of Certified PHP Web Application Development and Graphics and Web Designing Course. (Limited Seats are Available)  Schedule is,  PH...P WEB APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT Tuesday   : 06:00 pm to 08:00 pm    Lecture Thursday  : 06:00 pm to 08:00 pm    Lecture saturday   : 06:00 pm to 08:00 pm    Lab CERTIFIED GRAPHICS AND WEB DESIGNING  Saturday : 04:00 pm to 06:00 pm   Lecture Sunday   :  02:00 pm to 04:00 pm  Lecture Sunday   : 04:00 pm to 06:00 pm   Lab


Certified .NET Specialist for Non-Programmer at Evs Lahore. 71st Batch Schedule is,  Tuesday :  08:00 pm to 10:00 pm Thursday : 08:00 pm to 10:00 pm Saturday : ...08:00 pm to 10:00 pm Regards, EVS Lahore.
https://www.facebook.com/events/409309089216861/
Certified Graphics and Web Designing Course at Evs Lahore. Last Date of Registration: December 20,2014. (Limited Seats are available) 50 Batch Schedule is,  Sat...urday:           04:00 pm to 06:00 pm Sunday(LAB) :   02:00 pm to 04:00 pm Sunday :            04:00 pm to 06:00 pm  Regards, EVS Lahore.


BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and... email address on above mention numbers. Or Email to us at  burraq.engineering@gmail.com
The most awaited event of a FASTian’s university life is finally here! DECS has planned the annual tour for the graduating batch right after the final exams. The number of students we are catering is very limited, so registrations will be done on First-Come-First-Serve basis. We request all the senior students to grab a copy of an undertaking form from Zahid Photostat (soft copy attached below) and submit it to Shahen Shah, Safeer Ansari or Usman Haider with required document...s along Rs.16,000/-  Note: All the students are required to email a soft copy of their University ID, NIC and their father/guardian's NIC to decs.khi@nu.edu.pk No forms will be accepted if any of the required documents is not attached. Shahen Shah: (+92) - 334 - 9353090  Safeer Ansari: (+92) - 321 - 8771998  Usman Haider: (+92) - 332 - 3825489
https://www.facebook.com/events/409309089216861/


BECOME A CERTIFIED AUTOMATION ENGINEER AND SECURE YOUR JOB OPPORTUNITIES  IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…

IEEE-NUCES PRESENTS  Date: 2nd December 2014 (Tuesday) Time: 9am to 11am Venue: MPI Lab EE Department

One of the best Book for  basics of Matlab Download from the link below ------------------------------------------------------------ http://goo.gl/UF3tWP ------------------------------------------------------------
 Date:27/11/14 Time:10:00-12:00   Venue:Electronics Lab               ... All batches eligible. Fees: Rs 100 per person Register: https://docs.google.com/…/1R_Y6sm7nnEgwGy2U1RUiYYa…/viewform
https://www.facebook.com/events/1502434466683559/?context=create&previousaction=create&ref_dashboard_filter=upcoming&source=49&sid_create=3309290836



IEEE Karachi Section Student Congress. Registrations are about to close!  https://www.facebook.com/KSSC2014 For Registrations:... https://docs.google.com/…/1nZuwUBFJl9uljnbaxzIyk2…/viewform… Check out the Activity Page for more info! http://www.kssc.indus.edu.pk/blog.html
BECOME A CERTIFIED AUTOMATION ENGINEER AND SECURE YOUR JOB OPPORTUNITIES  IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments  SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…


  HOTMAIL= scorpionstingking@hotmail.com  tauqeer-muhammad89@hotmail.com
BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and... email address on above mention numbers. Or Email to us at  burraq.engineering@gmail.com


The Easiest Way To Find Your Networking Solution....  Discuss your networking issues With Professionals  Add Your Own Blogs  Be a Part of New Era Of Networking.... Technology... https://www.facebook.com/World.Of.Networking
Will anyone please guide me about the admission in FAST karachi .. I have no idea please .



One of the hardware and industrial solution providing company is looking for a technically sound candidate for full-time internship (leading to job). Interested candidates are requested to forward their resume at "careers@kryptonengineering.co" Requirements: Education : B.S/B.E Electrical or Electronics

The Literary Club of FAST brings you an interactive session with Pakistani Film/Television/Stage actor/director/writer Mr.Talat Hussain on this Thursday the 23r...d of October 2014 from 10 AM to 12 PM in the Auditorium.  Indeed an experience of a lifetime to see and hear the living legend in your own campus. Make sure your friends know.  #TLCFAST #AMorningWithTalatHussain #Thursday23Oct #FASTKarachi
Join comsats adventure club... https://www.facebook.com/CACoffical

 Get registered online: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions & get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more. Certificates will be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03224096522 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…

Limited Passes Available Now.... Hurry Up  JOSH-E-JAWAN Carnival+Concert+Dj Night  Passes Are Available: So Grab Your Pass ASAP  Pass Price = 299 per person for one day only. For stall Booking Contact: 0332-2767728... For Passes Contact: 0333-7234160 0345-3958282 0332-2542234 0340-3062940 https://www.facebook.com/events/1474234816186746/

BES is arranging a a hands on Training session on INDUSTRIAL SWITCHGEAR AND AUTOCAD ELECTRICAL in Lahore. We have Unique and first class LAB for hands on practice on industrial circuits. We believe in quality, so training will be delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of Switchgear. Certificates will be awarded on completing the training. For more details: 0321-4097119 0334-9376619 Free registration on SMS Just send your name, number and... email address on above mention numbers. Or Email to us at  burraq.engineering@gmail.com


The most exciting event is very close to join. PAF-KIET is organizing SEE'14 on October 13th-14th, 2014. Join it and participate to show your skills at other university.
Dears, We are providing a Training of Industrial Level of Electrical Switchgear Designing , Transformer Designing, Power DB Designing , Electrical System Designing of all LT and MV Systems on a TOOL AUTOCAD also HANDS ON PRACTISE ON INDUSTRIAL CIRCUITS. . This training includes following topic to be Covered in details. Course Details:... AUTOCAD Tool Distribution Board Designing for Home and Multi Storage Building  DOL Direct on Line  ASD (Automatic Star Delta) Motor Control Centre Designing Load Centre WAPDA Generator Interlocking Manual  ATS (Automatic Transfer Switch) Panel  PFI Panel  Bus Bar Designing  Transformer Designing  Cable Selection Parameters  There are also various other topics are included in this course. Training Charges is 7000.- Rs Group students get special discount. For further details, registrations or queries feel free to contact us on following contact information: Name: Usman Saleem  Contact: 03214097119 Skype: usman.saleem195 Email: burraq.engineering@gmail.com https://www.facebook.com/pages/Burraq-Engineering-Solutions/470295509763430?ref=bookmarks Address: Rahat Park Near Chaudhry Colony, New Samanbad, Lahore.
 Get registered online: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions & get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more. Certificates will be awarded to every participant. https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03224096522 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…

A very sad news for all EE FASTIAN brothers:

SECURE YOUR JOB IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting  Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments   SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…


IEEE Explosion’14 Mehran University of Engineering and Technology presents IEEE Explosion’14 With collaboration of PES, COMSOC, IMS & Computer society Will be on Tuesday, 14th OCT, 2014... Competition details: 1. Speed programming 2. Database Dexter Challenge 3. Netcom Networking 4. Race to innovation (Circuit design) 5. Robo – Manoeuvre Challenge 6. Mini Project competition 7. Brain Storm Quiz 8. Gaming Competition 9. Videography (Roll the REEL) 10. Skit Competition 11. Master Orator 12. Minutes to Win it   And many more Competition and Attendee Fees   For IEEE members: Rs. 200 per member For Non-IEEE members Rs. 300 per member Registration process: Those who want to participate, kindly contact to me also Registration Forms will be available at Zahid photo state by tomorrow.  Note: There are Limited numbers of Seats in each competition, so get you Registered as soon as possible.
Dears, We are providing a Training of Industrial Level of Electrical Switchgear Designing , Transformer Designing, Power DB Designing , Electrical System Designing of all LT and MV Systems on a TOOL AUTOCAD also HANDS ON PRACTISE ON INDUSTRIAL CIRCUITS. . This training includes following topic to be Covered in details. Course Details:... AUTOCAD Tool Distribution Board Designing for Home and Multi Storage Building  DOL Direct on Line  ASD (Automatic Star Delta) Motor Control Centre Designing Load Centre WAPDA Generator Interlocking Manual  ATS (Automatic Transfer Switch) Panel  PFI Panel  Bus Bar Designing  Transformer Designing  Cable Selection Parameters  There are also various other topics are included in this course. Training Charges is 7000.- Rs Group students get special discount. For further details, registrations or queries feel free to contact us on following contact information: Name: Usman Saleem  Contact: 03214097119 Skype: usman.saleem195 Email: burraq.engineering@gmail.com https://www.facebook.com/pages/Burraq-Engineering-Solutions/470295509763430?ref=bookmarks Address: Rahat Park Near Chaudhry Colony, New Samanbad, Lahore.
Dear Engineers, On the instruction of Chairman Pakistan Engineering Council Engr. Syed Abdul Qadir Shah, A committee has been formed under the convenership of E...ngr. Mukhtar A. Sheikh Vice Chairman PEC (Sindh) & Convener Public Relation Committee, to hold a job fair for Engineers. This is a great opportunity for Engineers for on spot interviews and meetings with HR representatives of various  engineering, manufacturing, consulting and government organizations and explore available job opportunities. The participating companies will also offer internship opportunities in all engineering fields.

 . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Fast-Karachi-Confessions/330778310429391

https://www.facebook.com/events/292494917623318




Join #IEEE_WEEK. Follow the link attached. https://www.facebook.com/IEEEWEEKNED
Dears, We are providing a Training of Industrial Level of Electrical Switchgear Designing , Transformer Designing, Power DB Designing , Electrical System Designing of all LT and MV Systems on a TOOL AUTOCAD also HANDS ON PRACTISE ON INDUSTRIAL CIRCUITS. . This training includes following topic to be Covered in details. Course Details:... AUTOCAD Tool Distribution Board Designing for Home and Multi Storage Building  DOL Direct on Line  ASD (Automatic Star Delta) Motor Control Centre Designing Load Centre WAPDA Generator Interlocking Manual  ATS (Automatic Transfer Switch) Panel  PFI Panel  Bus Bar Designing  Transformer Designing  Cable Selection Parameters  There are also various other topics are included in this course. Training Charges is 7000.- Rs Group students get special discount. For further details, registrations or queries feel free to contact us on following contact information: Name: Usman Saleem  Contact: 03214097119 Skype: usman.saleem195 Email: burraq.engineering@gmail.com www.bes.com.pk Address: Rahat Park Near Chaudhry Colony, New Samanbad, Lahore.

Dears, We are providing a Training of Industrial Level of Electrical Switchgear Designing , Transformer Designing, Power DB Designing , Electrical System Designing of all LT and MV Systems on a TOOL AUTOCAD also HANDS ON PRACTISE ON INDUSTRIAL CIRCUITS. . This training includes following topic to be Covered in details.  Course Details: AUTOCAD Tool Distribution Board Designing for Home and Multi Storage Building  DOL Direct on Line  ASD (Automatic Star Delta) Motor Control Centre Designing Load Centre WAPDA Generator Interlocking Manual  ATS (Automatic Transfer Switch) Panel  PFI Panel  Bus Bar Designing  Transformer Designing  Cable Selection Parameters  There are also various other topics are included in this course.  For further details, registrations or queries feel free to contact us on following contact information: Name: Usman Saleem  Contact: 03214097119 Skype: usman.saleem195 Email: burraq.engineering@gmail.com www.bes.com.pk Address: Rahat Park Near Chaudhry Colony, New Samanbad, Lahore.


Electrical Engineering Solutions International (PVT) Ltd has the honor to introduce Industrial Automation Technology Trainings in Pakistan. EESINT is arranging a mega training session on SIEMENS PLC/HMI/SCADA at our permanent training labs in COMSATS Lahore and Bahria University Islamabad. It has unique, first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has. Industrial professionals have vast experience in field of automation. Session will start from 15th September 2014 to 2...6th September 2014. Certificates will be awarded on completion of the training by COMSATS and Bahria University. For registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform… For more information please contact us at: https://www.facebook.com/ElectricalEngineeringSolutionsInte…  http://www.ciitlahore.edu.pk/beta/Trainings/plc.aspx https://www.facebook.com/officialBU?ref=br_tf
SECURE YOUR JOB IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting  Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments   SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…

SECURE YOUR JOB IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting  Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments   SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…
SECURE YOUR JOB IN MEGA INDUSTRIES AROUND THE WORLD WITH SIEMENS... Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… Join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training consists of: • PLC  • HMI  • Process Control using RTUs • Troubleshooting  Tips & Tricks. • Maintenance Techniques • SCADA  • Field Instruments   SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 4 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every participant. . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.electromes.com www.standard-engg.com For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 For Online Registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform…
Electrical Engineering Solutions International (PVT) Ltd has the honor to introduce Industrial Automation Technology Trainings in Pakistan. EESINT is arranging a mega training session on SIEMENS PLC/HMI/SCADA at our permanent training labs in COMSATS Lahore and Bahria University Islamabad. It has unique, first class demo kit which no one else in Pakistan has. Industrial professionals have vast experience in field of automation. Session will start from 15th September 2014 to 2...6th September 2014. Certificates will be awarded on completion of the training by COMSATS and Bahria University. For registration: https://docs.google.com/…/1YQiO2tUuy7d6C9ndLHvCrj…/viewform… For more information please contact us at: https://www.facebook.com/ElectricalEngineeringSolutionsInte…  http://www.ciitlahore.edu.pk/beta/Trainings/plc.aspx https://www.facebook.com/officialBU?ref=br_tf


 https://docs.google.com/…/10vVnNdKPgq_zKT6THxJIMbG…/viewform

Final Year Students, Lure interest from giants of industrial sector, and make a name for them. Human Resource executives and experts from reputed organizations ...which employ engineers from all walks of life are COMING. Its high them to show them what talent you can offer for their next recruitment needs. Registrations closing soon! Register now: https://docs.google.com/…/1KaDuux4mFGggmZBUHF1z1_U…/viewform
 We welcome you to join Mechatronics Engineering Solutions to get professional SIEMENS industrial automation Training, Comprises of PLC, HMI, SCADA & Field Instruments in core industrial setup. Get registered online:... https://docs.google.com/ forms/d/1VxLKxHumX Vh3vkWqZ8ZMvXJVXWIcL3pdD3U4ejChvRA/viewform?usp=send_form For the first time, we are offering you a totally hands-on practical training which consists of: • SIEMENS PLC (Programmable Logic Controller) • HMI (SIEMENS Human machine interface and SIMATIC Touch Panels) • Process Control with Remote I/O’s (RTUs). • Troubleshooting & Maintenance, Tips & Tricks. • SIEMENS SCADA (working with SIEMENS SCADA) *** SPECIAL DISCOUNTS for groups of 3 or more students. Certificates shall be awarded to every candidate. For further details, please feel free to contact us at: 03008463173-2 | info@electromes.com | ali@electromes.com 03018463171 https://docs.google.com/…/1VxLKxHumXVh3vkWqZ8ZMvX…/viewform… https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mechatronics-Engineering-Solutions/635099469906114 Join us for a hands-on learning journey at MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS www.standard-engg.com www.electromes.com
TechTron brings Presentation DU Project  1st Year - Third Year Hardware and Software Based Project Competition Final Year Project Exhibition. Register Now. https://docs.google.com/…/1KaDuux4mFGggmZBUHF1z1_U…/viewform
 And get updates on your cell phone.





Dears, We are providing a Training of Industrial Level of Electrical Switchgear Designing , Power DB Designing , Electrical System Designing of all LT and MV Systems on a TOOL AUTOCAD. This training includes following topic to be Covered in details. Course Details: AUTOCAD Tool... Distribution Board Designing for Home and Multi Storage Building  DOL Direct on Line  ASD (Automatic Star Delta) Motor Control Centre Load Centre WAPDA Generator Interlocking Manual  ATS (Automatic Transfer Switch) Bus Bar Designing  Cable Selection Parameters  There are also various other topics are included in this course. Training Charges is 7000.- Rs Group students get special discount. For further details, registrations or queries feel free to contact us on following contact information: Name: Usman Saleem  Contact: 03214097119 Skype: usman.saleem195 Email: burraq.engineering@gmail.com www.bes.com.pk Address: Rahat Park Near Chaudhry Colony, New Samanbad, Lahore.
Fast electrical *(electronics)mein karwati hai kya???
is there any one who guide me about fast karachi campus EE...
 Intern(s) for the following departments: ... • Web Development  • Software Development    • Marketing    Interested candidates should email their CV at "careers@psudotech.com" mentioning their position and discipline in Subject line. NOTE: Candidates must mention their projects and expertise in their cv/resume.
 GROUP DISCOUNT --Group of 5 and above , avail 5% discount on all seats. Registration Deadline: 27 July 2014 Booking Advance: Rs.10000/- Remaining Balance Due Date: At the time of departure. Minimum seats 12. Maximum seats 40.  For any query about plan, please contact the below mentioned no. Muhammad Bilal 0315-5443136 Sajid Ali Khan 0315-5443137 Muhammad Salman 0332-6659828https://www.facebook.com/events/747756861932304/

 CS and marketing student required.  Interested candidates should send their resume on "info@psudotech.com" mentioning their discipline. ... Incentives included !

A Fastian, did you know ?!


Get State of the Art Training on SIEMENS PLC, HMI and SCADA Electrical Engineering Solutions International (PVT) Ltd is one of the Pioneers in Pakistan and has the honor to introduce Industrial Automation Technology Trainings in Pakistan Electrical Engineering Solutions International (EESINT) is a multinational Projects and Training Firm that believes in delivering QUALITY Professional Training. EESINT is a leader in providing Training and Services to its valuable Clients bot...h for National and International organizations. EESIN, a partner company of MAFA Establishment of Saudi Arabia, also holds the status of SIEMENS-Saudi Arabia’s Official System Integrator and authorized to provide high quality services on SIEMENS Automation System. EESINT is providing sales and after-sales services through its offices in Lahore and Islamabad Region. WHY EESINT? •      EESINT has official Training Kits from SIEMENS and ABB, uses World Wide for trainings to its Staff, Professionals and Industrialists. •       EESINT has complete range of SIEMENS PLC’s Training Kits including S7-400, S7-300, S7-1200, S7-1500, S7-200 LOGO! and S-5. • EESINT has Unique and first of its class demo kits which is a challenge that no one else in Pakistan has such official and complete Range of Training Kits. • EESINT Believes in QUALITY, so training is delivered by our Industrial professionals having vast experience in the field of automation, our Training Staff is certified from SIEMENS, ABB, Allen Bradley. • EESINT has first of its class and dedicated Training Unit for SCADA. OUR AFFILIATIONS:- Skill Development council Lahore (SDC) COMSATS Lahore (MOU and Lab in COMSATS Lahore) Bahria University Islamabad (MOU and Lab in Bahria University Islamabad) REGISTRATIONS:- For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform OUR LOCATIONS:- Lahore:- Office # 48, Block “R”- Johar Town Lahore COMSATS Lahore  “Industrial Automation and Control Systems Lab” Lab# A-10 Block B Islamabad:- Industrial Automation Lab, Old Campus Basement,  Bahria University, Islamabad. Registration Form For SIEMENS PLC's Training docs.google.com
5 seats are vacant from lahore, charges 8000/- 6 seats are vacant from Islamabad charges 6500/- Registration date is extented for Neelum Valley trip.... 18 June 2014... First Come First Serve Based.

 Day& date: Wednesday, 11th June 2014
Last date to book your seat is approaching.... 30seats remaining out of 90 seats get your seat by paying 50% advance before 12 june 2014 ticket price Rs.6500/- contact... bilal 0315-5443136 sajid0315-5443137 https://www.facebook.com/events/785971688089339/

Like Think n Create's official page. TnC is a co-cirricular organization which involves in organizing co-cirricular events, motivational sessions, technological workshops and seminars etc.  The sole motive of organization is to make good coordination of students with alumni and industry. www.facebook.com/tncfast
https://www.facebook.com/events/296594127185842/
hi guys mjy plz koi last year ka merit bta da engineering ka ..............   lahore campus ka ............. :p :v <3
Aims to assist students with help in planning, building and executing their Projects.

https://www.facebook.com/events/253079411550666/
https://www.facebook.com/events/1473036032931320/?ref=notif&notif_t=plan_user_joined
Adventures Snow Hiking of Lake Saif-ul-Malook 2014** Dated :23 - 25 May 2014 (Naran, Kaghan, Siri-Payee, Makra Peek, Lake Saif ul Malook,) Services Included: Transport, Accommodation, Foods & First Aid. Last Date of Registration: 19 May 2014... Ticket Price:5500/- **Registration: First come First get basis. Photographers are welcome to capture beautiful Jungle. https://www.facebook.com/events/713508022028277/?ref=5
IEEE NUCES IEEE Green Energy  [Project Showcase]


The last day to buy the tickets is  by tomorrow................ tickets are available at zahid photostate shop...................so hurry up and buy ur tickets latest bytomorrow......


#Fastech14 closing ceremony. Monday, April 28th, 2014. All members will get their certificates of #fastech there. Timing: 1pm Venue: Auditorium

TNC provides you a platform where you can listen out to EXPERIENCE of our VALUABLE Alumni's... #AlumniSuccessStories14  JOIN US  https://www.facebook.com/events/235063270019217/
 Ticket Booking/Inquiry: 0315-5443137 / 0315-5443136 https://www.facebook.com/events/678751865519145
https://www.facebook.com/IEEE.NUCES
IEEE NUCES The #IEEE_NUCES aims to integrate the students and provide them a platform where they could get recognized for their contributions for the development and for the advancement of technology for humanity. IEEE NUCES plays important role in reducing the gap between the industry and students through innovative programs and projects.
IEEE #Mission IEEE's core purpose is to foster technological innovation and excellence for the benefit of humanity.  #Vision IEEE will be essential to the global technical community and to technical professionals everywhere, and be universally recognized for the contributions of technology and of technical professionals in improving global conditions.
#IEEE_RAS The Society states in its constitution that it "is interested in both applied and theoretical issues in robotics and automation. Robotics is here defined to include intelligent machines and systems used."
#The_IEEE_Communications_Society The IEEE Communications Society is a community comprised of a diverse group of industry professionals with a common interest in advancing all communications technologies. To that end, the Society sponsors publications, conferences, educational programs, local activities, and technical committees that: Foster original work in all aspects of communications science, engineering, and technology.
#The_IEEE_Computer_Society The IEEE Computer Society is the computing professional's single, unmatched source for technology information, inspiration and collaboration. By making the most up-to-date and advanced information in the computing world easily accessible, we are the source that computing professionals trust to provide high quality, state-of-the-art information on an on-demand basis.
#IEEE_Women_in_Engineering IEEE Women in Engineering (WIE) is the largest international professional organization dedicated to promoting women engineers and scientists and inspiring girls around the world to follow their academic interests to a career in engineering.

 For any query about plan, please contact the below mentioned contact. Muhammad Bilal 0315-5443136 Sajid Ali Khan 0315-5443137 https://www.facebook.com/events/678751865519145/signments

 For any query about plan, please contact the below mentioned contact. Muhammad Bilal 0315-5443136 Sajid Ali Khan 0315-5443137 https://www.facebook.com/events/678751865519145/signments

https://www.facebook.com/IEEE.NUCES HIT LIKE (Y)…STAY UPDATED….
https://www.facebook.com/pages/ABS-Adam-Bilal-Studios/150726961701592

https://www.facebook.com/events/416661991769810/

 For Online Registration http://goo.gl/iFA2g9 This is an Industrial Training Program for engineers on Siemens S7-200, S7-1200, S7-400, S7 300 and distributed peripherals.... Include PLC , PLC,s Remote I/Os, HMI and SCADA. Training will be held in Bahria University Islamabad from 14th April, 2014 Daily from 5:30-8:30PM Fee:  Rs 15,000/- for Bahria University Students Rs 22,000/- for Students of other universities  Rs 25,000/- for Professionals www.eesint.com. Electrical engineering Solutions International is a multi-national training firm offers PLC HMI & SCADA Training on SIEMENS SIMATIC S7 family on original SIEMENS PLC HMI & SCADA Training equipment. Electrical Engineering Solution also deals in SIEMENS Parts, Projects & Trouble Shootings inside and outside Pakistan. Electrical Engineering Solutions International Sucessfully Conducted Training Programs at Bahria University Inslamabad, University of Central Punjab, Chasma Nuclear Power Plant Electrical Engineering Solutions is an integrator company of SIEMENS. Training programs include (PLC ) (S7-300, S7-200,S7-1200 and LOGO), (BMS). For Further Details Please feel free to Contact
https://www.facebook.com/events/228389234034184/

 Last Date of Reg: 25 March 2014 For Booking Contact: 0315-5443136 / 0315-5443137 https://www.facebook.com/events/1400615533536479/
join Hardware Exhibition and competition of procom'14 https://www.facebook.com/events/561281790654588/

Please fill this survey form of Fastech'14;

FASTECH'14 team feels honor that Mr.Asad Umer the most promising personality of Pakistan in the world of business is coming to one of the premier event FASTECH’14 as the respectable chief guest on 11th March, 2014, at the FAST-NU main campus in Karachi !

 https://www.facebook.com/events/1400615533536479/
 For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform This is an Industrial Training Program for engineers on Siemens S7-200, S7-1200, S7-400, S7 300 and distributed peripherals. Training will be held under our professional engineers at EESint (Electrical Engineering Solution international) Bahria Unversity Islamabad Campus,Johar Town, Lahore, PAKISTAN. Electrical engineering Solutions International is a multi-national training firm offers PLC HMI & SCADA Training on SIEMENS SIMATIC S7 family on original SIEMENS PLC HMI & SCADA Training equipment. Electrical Engineering Solutions International Sucessfully Conducted Training Programs at Bahria University Inslamabad, University of Central Punjab, Chasma Nuclear Power Plant Training programs include (PLC ) (S7-300, S7-200,S7-1200 and LOGO), (BMS). For Further Details Please feel free to Contact


Fastech'14 Brings an amazing opportunity to meet the Robotic World !!  The National Education Campaign is at FAST-NUCES - Karachi on March 11th, 2014. The workshop will deliver all the important topics to get you started in RoboSprint.  This workshop is organized in collaboration with FASTech'14. 17 competitions like Speed Programming, AutoCad Designing, Robotics Competition etc are also a part of FASTech'14. So what are you waiting for. Get yourself Registered for #FASTech'1...4 and #RoboSprint'14 Workshop. For details on #FASTech'14: https://www.facebook.com/events/1407295229523695/ Workshop Registration Form: https://docs.google.com/…/1XB_903WCZ-GnDXxNXrLzBMn…/viewform

Forward this to every batch mate Last date to Apply March 1 3rd year students
 https://www.facebook.com/events/218686294986184/?ref=5 https://www.facebook.com/events/419125218214576/?ref=5 For any query about plan, please contact. Muhammad Bilal 0315-5443136 Sajid Ali Khan 0315-5443137
Microchip PIC Programmer PCB - 60% off For more info: http://programmer.geekooz.com/



 For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform This is an Industrial Training Program for engineers on Siemens S7-200, S7-1200, S7-400, S7 300 and distributed peripherals. Training will be held under our professional engineers at EESint (Electrical Engineering Solution international) Bahria Unversity Islamabad Campus,Johar Town, Lahore, PAKISTAN. Electrical engineering Solutions International is a multi-national training firm offers PLC HMI & SCADA Training on SIEMENS SIMATIC S7 family on original SIEMENS PLC HMI & SCADA Training equipment. Electrical Engineering Solutions International Sucessfully Conducted Training Programs at Bahria University Inslamabad, University of Central Punjab, Chasma Nuclear Power Plant Training programs include (PLC ) (S7-300, S7-200,S7-1200 and LOGO), (BMS). For Further Details Please feel free to Contact
Solution manual of EMS

AL-Fanar JOBS



The most-anticipated event of the year is finally here! Yes folks, it's none other than Procom.Net '14. Ranging from programming to business competitions, Proco...m is the place to be. So buckle up for this exhilarating roller coaster ride because 'peeps' it is right around the corner. For further details visit our website www.procom.net.pk or contact the numbers listed.



AOA Registration has started for Different Engineering and IT events In Punjab Youth Festival 2K14 .. Kindly Share these events.  While sharing this make sure that they enter my Ambassador Code...  Ambassador Code: PYF-14-TIA-07000 So Share this and register Participants and Inform them to pick this code...... Thanks Registration Forms

FAST-NU Hoodie + ENGINEER T-shirt Price Rs.1250/- Free Delivery All Over Pakistan Cash On Delivery For Ordering https://docs.google.com/…/1NFA9lRieryug-NDO_k4tU7J…/viewform


AIR CANADA HOTEL, PLEASE AIR CANADA HOTEL NEEDS ABLES 1-BANK MANAGER, 2- NURSES, 3-ENGENIERS,... 4-TEACHERS, 5-DOCTORS, 6-QUALIFIED COOKS BOTH MEN AND WOMEN, 7-DRIVERS, 8-CLEANERS, 9-BAR MEN, 10-POOTERTS, 11-KITCHEN HELPER, 12-SUPERVISOR, 13-ACCOUNTANT, 14--COMPUTER OPERATOR ETC, ............. WHO ARE WILLING TO WORK HERE WITH US IN OUR AIR CANADA HOTELWE WILL BE INCHARGE OF YOUR FOODS,VISA FEES, ACCOMODATION AND ALL YOUR TRANSPORTATION FEES HERE IN CANADA, IF YOU ARE INTERESTING TO WORK WITH US KINDLY SEND US YOUR INTERNATIONAL PASSPORT COPY AND CV THROUGH OUR EMAIL ADDRESS AT: canadaglobalimmigration@ torontomail.com
 For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform This is an Training Program for engineers on Siemens S7-200, S7-1200, S7-400, S7 300 and distributed peripherals. Training will be held under our professional engineers at EESint (Electrical Engineering Solution international) Islamabad F11/1,Johar Town, Lahore, PAKISTAN. Electrical engineering Solutions International is a multi-national training firm offers PLC HMI & SCADA Training on SIEMENS SIMATIC S7 family on original SIEMENS PLC HMI & SCADA Training equipment. Electrical Engineering Solutions International Sucessfully Conducted Training Programs at Bahria University Inslamabad, University of Central Punjab, Chasma Nuclear Power Plant Training programs include (PLC ) (S7-300, S7-200,S7-1200 and LOGO), (BMS). For Further Details Please feel free to Contact


 https://docs.google.com/…/1NFA9lRieryug-NDO_k4tU7J…/viewform
Botiful Robot - Awesome App of Controllers a. Robotics needs to get social & more human friendly b. Botiful present beautiful mix of Controller & Apps c. It is ...Controller based connected with 2x2 motors drivers d. Has recharging circuitry with Communication module e. Botiful revolutionizes communication with more freedom See what GeekoozLabs is doing - http://www.Geekooz.com
 This is a Good Opportunity for those Who Have missed the Registration Date of Sawat Snow Festival (Ice Skiing at Malam Jabba) Trip. Ticket Booking: 0315-5443137 / 0315-5443136 https://www.facebook.com/events/218686294986184


 For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform This is an Industrial Training Program for engineers on Siemens S7-200, S7-1200, S7-400, S7 300 and distributed peripherals. Training will be held under our professional engineers at EESint (Electrical Engineering Solution international) Islamabad F11/1,Johar Town, Lahore, PAKISTAN. Electrical engineering Solutions International is a multi-national training firm offers PLC HMI & SCADA Training on SIEMENS SIMATIC S7 family on original SIEMENS PLC HMI & SCADA Training equipment. Electrical Engineering Solutions International Sucessfully Conducted Training Programs at Bahria University Inslamabad, University of Central Punjab, Chasma Nuclear Power Plant Training programs include (PLC ) (S7-300, S7-200,S7-1200 and LOGO), (BMS). For Further Details Please feel free to Contact

Inspirational video... A Must watch The video that can change your lifestyle. your thoughts,  The video about Islam
 https://www.facebook.com/events/218686294986184
For Ordering https://docs.google.com/…/1slqKN1s9ALo2qWrMB0qWPjU…/viewform
 https://www.facebook.com/events/218686294986184/
 For Online Registration httpsdocs.google.comformsd1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9Nx1T96zfRx0M8rE3Ulxsviewform This is an Industrial Training Program for engineers on Siemens S7-200, S7-1200, S7-400, S7 300 and distributed peripherals. Training will be held under our professional engineers at EESint (Electrical Engineering Solution international) Islamabad F111,Johar Town, Lahore, PAKISTAN. Electrical engineering Solutions International is a multi-national training firm offers PLC HMI & SCADA Training on SIEMENS SIMATIC S7 family on original SIEMENS PLC HMI & SCADA Training equipment. Electrical Engineering Solutions International Sucessfully Conducted Training Programs at Bahria University Inslamabad, University of Central Punjab, Chasma Nuclear Power Plant Training programs include (PLC ) (S7-300, S7-200,S7-1200 and LOGO), (BMS). For Further Details Please feel free to Contact

 For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform This is an Industrial Training Program for engineers on Siemens S7-200, S7-1200, S7-400, S7 300 and distributed peripherals. Training will be held under our professional engineers at EESint (Electrical Engineering Solution international) Islamabad F11/1,Johar Town, Lahore, PAKISTAN. Electrical engineering Solutions International is a multi-national training firm offers PLC HMI & SCADA Training on SIEMENS SIMATIC S7 family on original SIEMENS PLC HMI & SCADA Training equipment. Electrical Engineering Solutions International Sucessfully Conducted Training Programs at Bahria University Inslamabad, University of Central Punjab, Chasma Nuclear Power Plant Training programs include (PLC ) (S7-300, S7-200,S7-1200 and LOGO), (BMS). For Further Details Please feel free to Contact

Microchip PIC Programmer for Hardware Makers For more info: http://programmer.geekooz.com/
Training on Siemens Automation Control System. PLC, Remote IO's, HMI, SCADA. For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform
It is the documentary that we have made on Nationalism a.k.a Pakistaniat. It was our semester project for Communications Skills course and what we have tried to highlight in this documentary is, despite the devastation that we see around ourselves, our people are still hopeful of our betterment and they are trying their level best to be a constructive process on an individual level. 
Fast-Nu Export Quality Zipper Hoodies Collection 2013 For Ordering https://docs.google.com/…/1slqKN1s9ALo2qWrMB0qWPjU…/viewform






“Last date for submission of FYP Nomination Form is December 31, 2013” . For further details visit : http://ictrdf.org.pk/ngiri/






Please fill this survey it's a part of our project .... So please cooperate https://docs.google.com/…/1O603Ht6aNxEClO0z5LjTLAb…/viewform
https://www.facebook.com/events/621591184572318/
Schedule update for TECH DAY'13 : Day & Date: Monday 25th November 2013 Time: 12 to 2pm Technology: Lego Mindstorms EV3 Robotics... Workshop Title: Bot Mania Topics: 1. Introduction of Robotics Labs. 2. Introduction to Robotics. 3. Overview of Lego Mindstorms EV3. 4. Parts Identification. 5. Construction of Basic EV3 Robot. 6. Introduction of EV3 Software Interface. 7. Programming Blocks: a. Sound. b. Display. c. Move, Move Steering, Move Tank, Motor. d. Loop. e. Wait for Time and Sensor. f. Switch. 8. Demonstration of Gyro Boy and Snake Bot. GET YOURSELF REGISTERED QUICKLY FOR THIS GREAT WORKSHOP.. DON’T MISS IT..
.......A GREAT CHANCE TO GET HANDFUL OF EXPERIENCE IN ROBOTICS FIELD…… This is to inform you guys that DR.SAJJAD HAIDER will be joining us on the day of our event. He will be conducting a short session on ROBOTICS… CHANCE for all the FASTIANS to listen to him. GRAB THIS OPPORTUNITY ON ... TECH DAY’13 . Information about him is given in links below.. Kindly go through it.. http://cs.iba.edu.pk/DrSajjad_Fellowship.html http://www.iba.edu.pk/IBA_Pakistan_Robo_Cup_2013_details.php
Get Register for the most exciting event of IEEE-NUCES INTRA CUP'13 For registration visit Imtiaz Photo State by tomorrow. Reg. Fee Rs.50/-




https://www.facebook.com/events/621591184572318/ Kindly inform ur friends as well !
Here is the online registration form for FAST Sports Gala 13.
Want to portray an excellent image of your campus to the outside world ?  A picture is worth a thousand words indeed.  Media and Publication Society of FAST Kar...achi brings an amazing opportunity for everyone. Click Campus 2013.  We are holding a fortnightly photo contest for everyone. All you have to do is click a photo of the campus or the ongoing activities and submit it on our facebook page. First 10 entries will make it up to the competition and the picture with most likes will be declared the best.  Winners of each week will be awarded certificates at the end of the semester and that is not it, the best picture will be on the cover of our magazine and facebook page.  Don't have a DSLR ?  Don't worry this is an open entry competition which only requires your skills take out your phone or digital camera and let us all know what you have got.  Theme of this week: "Color Tour of FAST"  Inbox your submissions on our official facebook page facebook.com/mapsfast Competition starts today and ends on Sunday, 17th November.  May the best photographer win.
INTRA FAST (Islamabad) COMPETITION - AeroModelling Club "Paper Plane Competition" Registration Fee : Rs. 50/- Per Person Event Date : 6th Nov, 2013... Venue : CS Lawn






 Training will be held under our professional engineers at EESint (Electrical Engineering Solution international) Islamabad F11/1,Johar Town, Lahore, PAKISTAN. For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform Electrical engineering Solutions International is a multi-national training firm offers PLC HMI & SCADA Training on SIEMENS SIMATIC S7 family on original SIEMENS PLC HMI & SCADA Training equipment. Electrical Engineering Solutions International Sucessfully Conducted Training Programs at Bahria University Inslamabad, University of Central Punjab, Chasma Nuclear Power Plant Training programs include (PLC ) (S7-300, S7-200,S7-1200 and LOGO), (BMS). For Further Details Please feel free to Contact +92 307 776 1212 +92 343 761 0947 +92 321 776 1212
 If you want to be the Ambassador Of your University For E-Indus 2013 Register Yourself At www.eindus2013.com https://www.facebook.com/events/710310425651243/
IEEE-NUCES membership and induction call; Date: October 23rd, 2013 (wednesday) Timing: 9-10am , 3-4pm Venue: Activity room (EE dept.) Here is the online induction form.... http://ieee.khi.nu.edu.pk/inductions/

Attention Everyone !! Those who have assigned task on the day of induction , it is requested that submit your task status by tomorrow on k102328@nu.edu.pk and k102411@nu.edu.pk. The list of members will be announced soon !!

 Mr. Sohail Virk Ambassador ... Development Tours of Pakistan  Islamabad  Contact: 0334-1529805 Limited Seats are left. So be Hurry UOLianz.... For Further Details plz visit the given link: https://www.facebook.com/events/520651688027659/?ref=22



Training on Siemens Automation Control System. PLC, Remote IO's, HMI, SCADA. For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform
Attention TnC Members !! It is requested all the members of TnC should fill their forms again and appear in the interview . This step has taken due to some official requirements ! Thank you 
Do you want to be a part of Think N Create (TnC)? Here is the way to reach us, just go to Imtiaz photocopy shop and fill our Inductions forms!! Venue: Activity Room (EE Department)


Ladies and Gentlemen...! Here we are, The Hosts of the most electrifying National event FASTtech’13, where we reflect the engineering design principles in our Themes, Where we spread the word for knowledge, where we plan to associate Pakistani Engineers & where we provide a platform to show your talent… Timings: 9am-10am Venue : EE Auditorium
 20th September,2013... Timings: 9am-10am Venue : EE Auditorium
Interested and dedicated candidate(s) required for #OpenKarachi for "Student Chapter" within University.  *Interested candidates INBOX me for details! Website: http://www.openkarachi.org/
Training on Siemens Automation Control System. PLC, Remote IO's, HMI, SCADA. For Online Registration https://docs.google.com/…/1hHKlB4N5_zxAtcMsQ943yd9…/viewform
anyone who wants EE course of fristyear can contact me.





https://www.facebook.com/events/388977554536166/?fref=ts
Pak-Turk Consultants Announcement Application deadline: Days left 10 Study in Istanbul: September 2013 intake Programs and Fee listed below: (2 years) 1. Archit...ecture                   (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 2. Information Technology   (3500 USD: 4 instalments) 3. Information Technology   (8900 USD: 2 instalments) 4. IT Service Management   (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 5. Computer Engineering     (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 6. Industrial Engineering      (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 7. Engineering Management (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 8. Mechatronics Engineering (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 9. Conservation and Restoration           (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 10. Electrical & Electronics Engineering (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 11. Electrical & Computer Engineering   (3500 USD: 2 instalments) 12. MBA                     (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 13. MBA                     (4500 USD: 2 instalments) 14. MBA                     (3500 USD: 2 instalments) 15. Marketing             (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 16. Global Affairs        (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 17. MBA Executive       (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 18. Film & Television   (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 19. Financial Economy (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 20. Capital Markets & Finance               (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 21. Political Science & Intl Relations       (4500 USD: 2 instalments) 22. Political Science & Intl Relations       (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 23. Business Management for Managers (4500 USD: 2 instalments) 24. Entrepreneurship & Innovation Management (8900 USD: 4 instalments) 25. Energy Systems Operation & Management (8900 USD: 2 instalments)
Congratulations to All Official Graduates of Batch 09 EE :D







Egyptian Pakistani Telecom Services Company requires Fresh Engineers Electrical/ Mechanical/Telecom /B.Tech Karachi Residentsonly to Join Internship, Its is good opertunity to work with field teams on Managed Services Project, Initially there will be no Stipend, but Engineers with Excellent Performance will be Hired by EPTS after 2 months, Project is Non Telco (AC/DG/Power Solutions), Please send resume to rizwan.ahmed@epts.net, not latter than July 15
 Do you have creative mind ? Are You crazy ? Are you motivated to learn new things ?  If yes , then apply now for the internship with us. You Should:... - Be Student of College/University in Karachi - Be Creative and Crazy - Be Ready to work with flexible working environment - Be Ready to dedicate your time along with your studies Note:This will be Paid Internship and you will have flexibility to work from home and with flexible timings.

Convocation 2013 which was scheduled on July 5, 2013 has been postponed, The new date of the Convocation is August 17th, 2013 Manager Academics
Job opportunity at TPS Pakistan: Designation : Network Engineer Department : Networks & Infrastrucuture Quallification : BS Telecom or BS EE graduates with strong concepts of Data Communications and Network Protocols No experience required... Knowledge of Cisco and Microsoft server platforms will be an advantage Interested candidates send their resumes at atif.malik@tpsonline.com
Summer Internship Opening at wi-tribe Lahore:- Department: Technical Ops, Qualification: BS (Telecom) or related ... 6 weeks paid program. Interested may send CVs at HRLHR@pk.wi-tribe.com


Tameer Bank is inviting profiles of: 1. Electrical Engineers For Internship 2. BBA /MBA (HR) For Internship 3. Java Developers Job. All positions are Karachi based. Interested candidates can send resumes at shabih.zehra@tameerbank.com
A fresh startup company is giving opportunities to engineering students to join in the technical team and be part of what promises to be something BIG !!! SHORT TERM INCENTIVES: full help in Final Year Project, name ...among the co-founder of company, socializing with IT gurus of Pakistan LONG TERM INCENTIVES: proper salary and profit shares after two financial years, place among the technical executives after graduation Interested candidates send us your resumes at "the.codinggamers@gmail.com"
Looking for some one who can make promo videos... need some one with good skills on software such as adobe premiere etc
For information about admission in FAST click on the link below:
There is an intern-ship opportunity at Warid Tel for students in final year or ones who have just graduated . It is based in Lahore, and people staying in Lahore would be preffered. People interested in GSM core network design & optimization(engineering dept (core) are welcomed. Stipend is Rs.5000. send your CV at faizan.ali2@waridtel.com
There is an intern-ship opportunity at Warid Tel for students in final year or ones who have just graduated . It is based in Lahore, and people staying in Lahore would be preffered. People interested in GSM core network design & optimization(engineering dept (core) are welcomed. Stipend is Rs.5000. send your CV at faizan.ali2@waridtel.com

Keep your self updated about recent internship programs






Fastian....:)
This is batch 11 . the best batch ever. v have proved our class. koi alaaa project bnae hae ... thumbs up.  #11 EE




http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=545635952145923&ref=notif&notif_t=video_processed
http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=545633588812826&notif_t=video_processed




why should we pay 650Rs for our Annaul dinner ???? To get your answer Attend AUDI session at 2.30p.m on Monday so be there !!!!!!!!! Tickets will be available after session Regrads: Team DECS





 NO ONE CAN DROP OUR POTENTIAL ELECTRICAL / ELECTRONIX ENGINEERING T-SHIRT with your own University Name ALL SIZES AVAILABLE

IMPORTANT UPDATE: Those students who want to participate in Hardware Exhibition and Competition, but are unable to do so due to Mid-Term Exams or are otherwise engaged in their universities, Please immediately contact the head of Hardware Exhibition and Competition so special arrangements (if possible) can be made for you.



join the competition... http://www.facebook.com/events/137052986474666/




https://www.facebook.com/events/353026081473136/
This is the 'maila' of the backside of the EE guys :D Ghost Protocol initiated :D
http://www.facebook.com/…/Fast-karachi-crus…/537057096338814

Guess what? "Standby Power Use" does NOT mean your electronics are off - they're still consuming power from the grid. To solve this, a University of Edinburgh e...lectronics engineering student designed a very simple circuit that detects when you turn your PC on or off and automatically turns the power supply on/off for you, saving tons of energy!  Check out his Instructable: http://bit.ly/YgabxP





As we will be leaving for industries sooner or later, its better to learn and pick as much possible before we depart. So IEEE is planning to arrange a session on GSM if students are interested. The timings will be decided once students show their interest (it will be according to their timetable). So let us know... Chair IEEE-WIE
Last date of registeration is 14feb 2013. . for registration contact osama jamil. . .thanks
if u have soldering skills then its chance to show your skills ...there is soldering competition in fast ..... if u wana join txt me .......fee 50 rupes ..... winner will be awarded by prize money
https://www.facebook.com/LineFollowingChallangeInFastTech20…





A multinational software house requires hardcore programmer for Java. Fresh graduate to three years of experience at most. Candidate must have BS (CS), BS (TE), BS (EE) or BS (CE) degree and must be willing to develop his/ her career in  IT. May or may not have skills on Java (but must be willing to develop skill in Java) Interested candidate must send their CVs to softwars98@gmail.com  Pass on the word to your friends and seniors.
Do you wanna be part of management team of FASTech'13..??? If you have convincing skills and leadership quality then come join us. Team Fastech’13 is selecting EVENT AMBASSADOR from all the universities of Pakistan. Send your name, university details and also tell us about yourself for why will we choose you as a University ambassador for FASTech’13 contact us at: thinkncreate2012@gmail.com






Jahan Girlfriend se ziada "MIDS" ko aur Date pe Jany se ziada. "Attendance" ko ehmiyat di jaye wahan pe jana hi. Bewaqofi hai... . . . .... Veena Malik ka Fast University k doray sy saaf inkar ..:-D
Bag lost from Project Lab 2nd floor EE Dept. Colour = BLACK with Adidas written on it containing Calculator, My Lecture Notes and my Lab Manuals :'( . Kindly return it to me. Contact: Umair 0332-2560582
<<<  DEATH WEEK BEFORE DEAD WEEK  >>> EPE Presentation MPI project presentation MPI project submission... I&M quiz 2 EMT quiz 2 I&M Lab final Project Submisson FCS quiz FCS Lab Assignment EMT extra classes I&M Extra classes I&M Presentatin I&M Lab final performance I&M Lab written exam MPI final Lab performance  MPI lab final quiz

must check it...........
Too Do islamiyat assignment............ take image of page with gud camera............ and go on this site....."http://www.onlineocr.net/" and upload the .jpg file and get word file ............."camera should be good".........//
 "Fastian's Fast" is one of that movie that is speechless but endless journey of our struggle to make it worth laughter ...... The short winning movie among top leading universities of Pakistan... capturing some very fantastic and live moments of OUR FAST. We the Fastians own this university and so does its beauty.  "WE ALL DESERVE THIS VICTORY!!!" Thanks to all such exclusive gifts of our uni ;)




If any one wants to Intern or Volunteer at Justuju Welfare Organization Please contact me. It will be a 2 week program during the winter break. This NGO has already been recognized and has been in operation since August 2011. It is student run. Interns and Volunteers will be helping in teaching NON-curriculum programs such as ethics, personal grooming etc and also help in managing resources.



Did you know?  EEE stand for Entertainment Entertainment & Entertainment. 







We Dont Have Books In Hand...  We Have Revolutionary Ideas In Mind... WE ARE ENGINEERS...!!


Important Message for all the Muslims...  A Must Watch Video For more: http://www.facebook.com/3.idiotzz





http://www.facebook.com/pages/Nuces-Electronics-Robot-Development-Society/274229479347080 NUCES Electronics & Robot Development Society (NERDS)
NUCES Electronics & Robot Development Society

BHAI koi islamiat ki slides mail kardo !!!!



dAte Sheet FoR MiDS???? :(


I'm the subject of peace,chapter of freedom,jewel of Mountains, Embassador of Harmony Earth is my bed Moon is my lamp Montains are my Home Snow is my Blanket... love is my nature respect is my culture my home land is paradise of earth i m the defender of Gilgit baltistan son of gilgit baltistan 1st november hppyindependence day..

Car chassis with arm mechanism: - 42x24 cm in size - arm opened maximum height of the chassis 88cm - differential incorporated in the front wheels - driving and... turning motors operated at 12V - hookworm motors for arm mechanism operated at 12v - Rubber tyres - steel body




 Kindly sign that petition, they require 25,000 signatures till 17th October.  Petition page is on the official website of WHITE HOUSE. ... Share it.



The Game of Glory, is the vigorous test of your wits, nerves and persistence. This competition is a merger of manual and autonomous robots, the robots will be t...ested in a series of mechanical and AI puzzles and their will co-operation in the arena will be crucial. The Game of Glory is that final destination where all your robot-making abilities will be tested to their limits, the geek inside you will be challenged ever so strongly.
Today the excom of MAPS conducted interviews for the extended excom and out around 50 candidates none of them were from EE. The  lack of interest is very alarming. As a senior of EE I want more and more people from our department so that the societies don't get isolated and then eventually biased against EE. Please let me know if any of your are interested as there could still be some possibilities and I will try my best to accommodate people from EE. :)
SIBSS  Inductions are on way.. There is no EE member over there just ME . Therefore it will be your pleasure to come forward and show your interest.

We would like to inform you that interviews for induction of MAPS 2012-13 team will be held tomorrow; Thursday 11th October 2012, from 12.30 onwards in LLC LAB

iphone-5 A6 processor inside look

http://www.facebook.com/events/313297595435202/…
http://www.facebook.com/events/368271729925434/
http://www.facebook.com/events/285639828203882/?fref=ts
FuTsAl TrAIlS ArE DoNe?? I WaNa PlAy aS A GoAl KeEpeR!

kohe CVT ka assignment mail kar dy pics lay kar jaldi
https://www.facebook.com/sportics.nuceskhi?notif_t=page_new_likes
"NUCES Electronics & Robot Development Society" This society will cover all sorts of electronic and automation based activities of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering departments.
Creative minds, register and participate in National Robo League 2012- Concept Showcase at NUCES-FAST  For details visit our fb page: https://www.facebook.com/events/214036772058393/ Or our Website: http://roboleague.com/index.p…/competitions/concept-showcase






Basketball trials will start for both the EE houses from 11:30am on monday... for all freshis n sopho...
Greetings all, There would be a Volleyball & Futsal Trials on Monday Insha'Allah! *All EE-mates who are good in these are requested to be at ground, timing would be mailed ...

The problem with the world is that, Inteligent people are full of doubts while the stupid ones are full of confidance !
Sometimes its better to keep silent then to tell others what you feel. Because it hurts badly when you come to know that they can hear you but can not understand...!!

Get yourself Register for the Biggest Robotics Event in Pakistan





As a precautionary measure due to prevailing security condition in the City tomorrow, the Main & City Campus will remain closed on Sept. 13, 2012 (Thursday).  
Well, you are right on time, because it's that time of year when all Pakistanis meet-up to celebrate contemporary robotics. At NRL, bleeding edge technology is at play, and all the cooler-than-cool geeks witness the demonstration of uber-smart robots.  So this year again, let's Engrave Revolutionary Robotics at National Robo League '12. https://www.facebook.com/RoboticBowlingCompetitionNationalR…

There is an arrangement of salat-ul-tasbih in EE GCR tomorrow at 9am sharp. Surah Yaseen Khatam and a dua for Sir Farhan. Please take out time from ur busy schedules for yourself and for others. Today is him but 2mrw wil be you....! Spread the word. Ur presence will be highly appreciated.

There is an arrangement of salat-ul-tasbih in EE GCR tomorrow at 9am sharp. Surah Yaseen Khatam and a dua for Sir Farhan. Please take out time from ur busy schedules for yourself and for others. Today is him but 2mrw wil be you....! Spread the word. Ur presence will be highly appreciated.

http://www.facebook.com/events/382219505185081/
Ahmed Raza please try to invite the EE freshmen to the group



Well, you are right on time, because it's that time of year when all Pakistanis meet-up to celebrate contemporary robotics. At NRL, bleeding edge technology is at play, and all the cooler-than-cool geeks witness the demonstration of uber-smart robots.  So this year again, let's Engrave Revolutionary Robotics at National Robo League '12.

Lahore, Hajvery University’s B.E Electrical (Electronic & Telecommunication) program has formally received accreditation by the Pakistan Engineering Council (PEC) for its Undergraduate Program. The PEC team visited the varsity several times to ensure all educational and infrastructure standards are being maintained and then decided to grant accreditation to the prestigious university. Hajvery University, Faculty of Engineering has established over 20 state-of-the-art engineer...ing labs including: Electronics Lab, Applied Physics Lab, Measurement & Instrument Lab, Control System Lab, Digital Logic Design (DLD) Lab, PLC Lab, Micro Controller Lab, Micro Processor Lab, ELectric Machine Lab, Power Electronics Lab, communication Lab, Digital Signal, Processing (DSP) Lab, Network Analysis Lab, Antenna Lab, Microwave Lab, Project Lab, and Advance Electronics Lab, which offers students of HU a very hi-tech environment to learn.








https://www.facebook.com/events/214036772058393/
https://www.facebook.com/events/159939290809607/?ref=notif&notif_t=plan_user_joined

We at Justuju Welfare Organization are looking for Graphic Designers and Web Developers. If any one is interested contact me. And also send you CV to justuju.ngo@gmail.com. If we find your work good enough we might offer a paid internship.

Main Objective is to carry Youth at one platform and creating an enhanced domain through Youth,motivating the youth to discover and explore their abilities to become distinguished individual among others, consume their leisure in productive work and discovering explanations for numerous concerns like unemployment, scarcity, corruption, inflation and etc. , fetching numerous culture and faiths at one platform and have a negotiation to generate agreement and peace among them...


 We need your junk; stuff you plan to throw away can actually help us collect our recourse material! You have younger siblings, cousins, kids ...or friend's siblings? THEN YOU CAN CONTRIBUTE TOWARD OUR CAUSE BY JUST MAKING ONE PHONE CALL, SHARING THIS POST OR TAGGING THE RESPECTIVE PEOPLE! Following is a list of the material you find in every kid's room: 1. Flash Cards (from ABC and 123 to' shapes' and 'colors' to                 'animals' and 'modes of transport') 2. Toys 3. Puzzles (the bigger the pieces, the better) 4. Blocks (the bigger the blocks, the better) 5. Art material (from crayons to color pencils to water paints) 6. Coloring books 7. Clay/ Plaster of Paris 8. Balls 9. Kids' Housekeeping kit 10. Recyclable items (from tissue rolls to empty bottles) 11. Newspaper 12. Plastic Fruits/ vegetables/ animals etc 13. Story books/ Islamic books for kids 14. Blank papers/ blank notebooks/ blank chart papers 15. Activity books for kids 16. Islamic stories/ general stories in CDs or cassettes
Registrations have opened for EQHO'12.  Closing of registrations will take place on the "11th of July 2012". Looking forward to see you all becoming a part of this EQHO! :) *We now have a group package as well.... Cheers ! :D For any query feel Free to Inbox me-----> M Haris Aslam Interested participants are recommend to Use Code: "FAM44"

Hello People.....Do you want to donate for a good cause? YES YOU DO!!! So if any of you happen to have a spare desktop PC at home which is not in use and probably never will be please contact me or the Justuju Welfare Organization Team or email us at justuju.ngo@gmail.com We need computers for our new computer Lab for the summer course for the poor kids we are launching in our adopted Govt school in Gizri Thank
Anybody want to intern at Justuju Welfare Organization Its an NGO inspired by the youth, Managed by the Youth. Anybody is welcome to intern.....please send your CV to justuju.ngo@gmail.com You will be teaching and managing the adopted Govt school in Gizri. Grades 9-10. We will be giving computer classes, Personal Hygiene and Grooming, English Sports etc.......This is a great chance to help the community dont miss it





Kindly like our facebook page of 10eventz and promte it as well. https://www.facebook.com/10eventz SPREAD THE WORDS !

result agay hai EE waloooo

"Fast Islamabad Cricket team is Invited to Represent Pakistan in Malaysia." Keeping in view the outstanding performance of Fast-NU Islamabad in the recent Past year, University of Malaysia UKM invited Fast Islamabad to International Inter-Varsity Cricket Championship 2012, which is to be played among 8 countries in Malaysia, Fast Nu would be the only team to represent Pakistan. Others teams are India, SriLanka, Bangladesh, Australia, Malaysia, Thailand and China. Tournament is scheduled to be from 1st to 10th June.

 We have organized a family movie show for social awareness about the outraged humanity in Palestine on Sat 2nd June 8-10pm, Faran Club, karachi, Pakistan. We have limited seats available plz reserve your seat by an SMS (name) (institute/company name) at 0333-3393933. Ticket price Rs.300/- only with refreshments. Event link: https://www.facebook.com/events/318506504882439/?ref=ts Plz share.. inb0x me for the ticket..









https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform…
http://www.facebook.com/events/159167807542274/?context=create
bring ur cvs.... as sparco is coming for collecting cvs for internships and jobs... where TRG will offer internships on the basis of the interview and test for ee students






https://www.facebook.com/#!/events/310516399014552/

http://www.facebook.com/events/356781281035315/



This page is to share imp news related electrical depart... not ppl puttng up garbige... plz guys stick to ethics...
http://www.facebook.com/events/198410793604845/
Feel FREE to join ! https://www.facebook.com/groups/youthwelfareorganization/
Rubbish put on this group by anyone! straight forward be removed from the group so plz stick to the ethics and post something relevant and knowledgeable on the group.
http://people.ece.cornell.edu/…/cour…/ece4760/FinalProjects/ check it...

 Here is an opportunity for you to turn your Final Year Project into a Research Paper and get it published in IEEE Transactions. The deadline for it is 13th April 2012. 



IEEE NUCES Karachi is arranging a workshop on Autonomous Line following Robot to enhance the knowledge of the students of EE and CS department both. It includes two day workshops conceptualized around wired robot making and Line follower robot making. The participants here will be learning the mechanics involved while making/using a robot for a particular use. Venue: Microprocessor Lab, EE dept. Workshop is free for IEEE members only. Non-IEEE member have to pay Rs. 50.







I was a proud Pakistani when my men in green did 2 sajdas today after centuries, I was a proud Pakistani when Saeed Anwar made world record against India and I am a proud Pakistani today when my team lost to India ... some things never change such as my love for Pakistan and my determination that we will WIN someday :'(






Na rok sakain gay SHAHEENO ko ye mandir k Pujari  Iqbal.. Ab jo Urry hain tuo Asman chhu k rahenge  .!!!... Dedicate to Green Shirts ....













Seems Shahid Khan AFRIDI is going to Complete his 7000 ODI runs against India. ;).





Induction Call for Catapult Race c0mpetiti0n Team Head: Rehan Ahmed Venue: Activity Area (EE- Block) Date: 12th March, 2012 (Tuesday) Timings: 10:45 - 12:00
Induction Call for Short Movie and Animation c0mpetiti0n Team Deputy Head: Omair Younus Paracha Venue: R-109  - CS Block Date: 12th March, 2012 (Tuesday) Timings: 9:30 - 10:30


Seminar team inductions tomorrow, Monday in the activity room from 12pm check nu mail for contact details.

Waking up to a new day is a gift, appreciate it and do remember you are loved. Good morning and have a splendid day

Induction Call for Cicuit design c0mpetiti0n Team Head: Xerc Khan Venue: Activity Area (EE Block) Date: 13th March, 2012 (Tuesday) Timings: 8:30 - 9:30
Congratulations Team Sportics on Conducting Such an awesome event!!! Unilympics Rocked..:)



guys!! i have started my own business of t-shirts....... you can check my first brand at  www.facebook.com/BlakStarTShirts. do like the page and if u need any of that then u can place ur order. will soon be at your door steps.

BANG.....@@Its Electrical United. All the batches of FAST EE department are here!!. Get interacted with all ur engineers. Get help in all sorts of issues and have fun guyx..!! FAST-EE  What encouraged us to make this Group; 1: sharing of thoughts  2: interaction b/w freshmen,sophos,juniors nd seniors 3: United we stand Guys... 


Post
************************************************ {UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS DETAILS} ************************************************ Is Post Main Ap Ko Universities Admissions K hawale Se har Chez Milegi Jo Neche Mention Hai, Har University Ke Alag Lag Details De hwe hai, Ap Parhoge tu Apke Zahen me Koe Question Nahe Rahega Lekin Agar Parhoge. (Jab Main Itna Bara Post bana Sakta hn tu Ap Parh Q Nahe Sakte) > Universities In Which Admissions are Open (This Section will Update e...
 🔲 UNIVERSITIES ◾SZABIST ◾Virtual University ... ◾Deewan University ◾ National Textile University (Govt) ◾Sindh Institute of Management & Tech... ◾Sir Syed University ◾Kharadar General Hospital  🔲 DIPLOMA or COURSES ◾Pakistan Institute of Management  ◾Govt Polytechnic Institute (Free for Girls) ◾Aligarh Institute (DAE)
🔲 Universities Admissions Update 🔲 ◾Hamdard University (BE/BS/DPT/BBA/BEMS/ME/B.ED) ◾JMDC (DPT) ◾Dow University (BS Nursing)... ◾Indus College (BS Nursing) ◾UIT (BE/BS) ◾SMIU (BS/BBA/B.ED) ◾BUMDC (MBBS/BDS) ◾DHA SUFFA (BE/BS) ◾IQRA UNIVERSITY  ◾Indus University
🔷NUMS - MDCAT  2020🔷 🔲GOVT UNIVERSITIES... ◾Army Medical College, Rawalpindi ◾Army Dental College, Rawalpindi 🔲PRIVATE UNIVERSITIES ◾CMH-Lahore Medical College and Institute of Dentistry ◾Quetta Institute of Medical Sciences ◾CMH Multan Institute of Medical Sciences ◾Wah Medical College ◾HITEC Institute of Medical Sciences, Taxila ◾Karachi Institute of Medical Sciences ◾CMH Institute of Medical Sciences Bahawalpur ◾CMH Kharian Medical College 🔲 IMPORTANT DATES  ◾Registration will be started from 28th August. ◾Last Date of Forms Submission will be 11th September. ◾Entry Test Date: 11th October 🔲 ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: ◾Intermediate (Pre-Medical) - 65% 🔲 FEE STRUCTURE: ◾AMC: Pkr 220,000 per year ◾Other Colleges: 1000000 per year
 🔲 1st Pic: Advertisment 🔲 2nd Pic: Eligibility Criteria 🔲 3rd Pic: Fee Structure... ◾Tuition Fee is written in per course: each semester has 5/6 couses 
BS Nursing Admissions 2020 in
🔷 IIEE Admissions - 2020 🔷 🔹 BE Industrial Electronics 🔹 🔲 Fee Structure ◾39000 per semester  🔲 Form Link ◾https://iiee.edu.pk/…/…/2020/08/IIEE-Admission-Form-2020.pdf

🔷 Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹Institute of Space Technology - Govt University 🔹 🔲 ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA ◾FSc / ICS / General Science (with Math & Physics/ Geography)  ◾DAE / Equivalent with Mathematics and Physics / Geography 🔲FEE STRUCTURE ◾39000 per semester
🔷 MEDICAL COLLEGES (MBBS/BDS) PAST PAPERS 🔷 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1655406951257151 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1009156339233520 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=822241891258300 ◾2016 (KMDC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=821564487992707 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825401517609004 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833068753490979 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825406334275189 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833068753490979 ◾2014 (KMDC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825408740941615 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833056466825541 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833053006825887 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833050676826120 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833042223493632 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833039366827251 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833028573494997
 🔹ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 🔹ADMISSION CRITERIA 🔹SEATS DISTRIBUTION...
🔷 Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹 Jinnah University for Women 🔹 ◾Last Date to Apply: 30 August ◾Fee Structure is given in 2nd & 3rd Picture ... ◾Apply online at juw.edu.pk
🔷 Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹 FAST University 🔹 Apply Online: admissions.nu.edu.pk
🔷Universities Admissions Update🔷 🔹National Textile University - Karachi Campus🔹 🔲Eligibility Criteria ◾BS Textile Engineering... ▫️FSc (Pre-Engineering) or A-Level or BSC (Phy & Maths) passed with 60% ◾BS Textile Management & Marketing ▫️Intermediate in Any Group (45%) 🔲Fee Structure ◾BS Textile Engineering ▫️42000 per semester ◾Bachelor in Fashion Designing ▫️48000 per semester  ◾BS Textile Management & Marketing ▫️42000 per semester 🔳Note: ◾It is a Public University. ◾You can apply on the basis of XI Result
🔷 Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹 Sir Syed University (SSUET)🔹 ◾ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA https://ssuet.edu.pk/undergraduate-admission/ ◾FEE STRUCTURE https://ssuet.edu.pk/charges/ ◾APPLY ONLINE http://onlineadmissions.ssuet.edu.pk/
🔷 Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹 SZABIST Admissions🔹 Fee Structure: https://szabist.edu.pk/fee-structure/ Eligibility Criteria:  https://szabist.edu.pk/admission-requirements/
🔷 Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹 Bahria University 🔹
🔷Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹SZABIST🔹 🔹Admissons for Management Sciences🔹 ◾Eligibility Criteria... https://szabist.edu.pk/admission-requirements/ ◾Fee Structure: https://szabist.edu.pk/fee-structure/
🔷Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹Muhammad Ali Jinnah University🔹 🔹Admissons for BS/BE/BBA/MBA/MS 🔹 ◾Eligibility Criteria... https://www.jinnah.edu/eligibility-criteria/ ◾Fee Structure: https://www.jinnah.edu/fee-structure/
🔷Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹Indus Valley School of Art & Architecture 🔹 🔹Admissons for Bachelors Programs 🔹 ◾Eligibility Criteria... > Intermediate (50%) > Result Awaiting Students can also apply. ◾Fee Structure: 168,500 per semester
🔷Universities Admissions Update 🔷 🔹Usman Institute of Technology 🔹 🔹Admissons for BE/BS 🔹 ◾Eligibility Criteria... https://www.uit.edu/eligibility ◾Fee Structure https://www.uit.edu/fee-structure

《Aga Khan University Admissions》 ▪MBBS  ▪BS Nursing ▪Associate of Science in Dental Hygiene 
《JPMC Admissions》 ▪BSc Occupational Therapy
 Doctor of Pharmacy (Required 60%) Doctor of Physiotherapy (Required 60%) BS Medical Laboratory Sciences (Required 55%)
 》BS Computer Science 》BS Software Engineering Fee Structure https://www.uit.edu/fee-structure
《Universities Admissions》 ▪Liaquat National (BS Clinical Laboratory Sciences▪
《Universities Admissions》 SZABIST (BS/MS) 》Eligibility Criteria for BS Biotechnology & Biosciences ▪FSc (45%) 》Fee Structure ▪BS Biotechnology: 62,220 per semester ▪BS Biosciences: 54,900 per semester
 Jinnah Sindh Medical University (BBA/MBA) Fee Structure 40,000 per semester
《Universities Admissions》 ▪Habib University University▪ ▪BS/BA▪
《Universities Admissions》 ▪Muhammad Ali Jinnah University▪ ▪BS/BBA/MS/MBA/Ph.D▪ 》 Fee Structure... https://www.jinnah.edu/fee-structure/ 》Eligibility Criteria https://www.jinnah.edu/eligibility-criteria/
Ziauddin University Admissions 2019-20 (BS Medical Technology)


 Fee Structure... http://www.newports.edu.pk/fee-structure/
 ■ FIELDS  ▪BS Radiology  ▪BS Dialysis ... ▪BS Critical Care Sciences  ▪BS Operation Theater Science 
Karachi University Admissions 2020 - Morning (Closing Percentages of Test Based Programs)
Karachi University Admissions 2020 - Morning (Merit Based Programs)
 > Ap logo ke Asaani K Lye Har Group K Lye Alag Se Fields ke Closing List banae hai or THREE YEARS Ke Is Lye banae ta K Ap Logo Ko Andaza Hojae K Average Kitna Difference ata hai Closing Main
DOW University Admissions 2019-20 (DPT & BS Fields) ■ ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1794134807384364/ ■ ADMISSION CRITERIA ▪Admissions are given on the basis of Aggregate (10% Matric + 40% Inter + 50% Test) ▪Aggregate Formula (Matric % x 0.1 + Inter % x 0.4 + Test % x 0.5) ■ LAST YEAR CLOSING AGGREGATE ▪DPT (Open Merit) = 74+ ▪DPT (Self Finance) = 71+ ▪BS Nutrition = 69+ ▪BS Radiology = 67+ ▪All other BS Feilds = 45-60 ■ FEE STRUCTURE (According to Last Year) https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1794134807384364/ ■ PROCEDURE (How to Apply) ▪Step - 1 (Online Form) Go to the link given below (of your respective field) & Fill Online Form. 》For DPT http://www.duhs.edu.pk/dpt2019/ 》For BS Nutrition  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/bsnutrition2019/ 》For BS Radiology http://www.duhs.edu.pk/bsradiology2019/ 》For BS Dental  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/bsdcp2019/ 》For BS Occupational Therapy & BS Prosthetics http://www.duhs.edu.pk/bsallied2019/ 》For BS Medical technology http://www.duhs.edu.pk/bsalliedimt2019/ ▪Step - 2 (Printed Form) Click on the link below (of your respective field), An Application form in PDF File will be appeared. Download & Print Out that Form. Fill it and Submit the Application Form with Required Documents & Paid Voucher of 2000 in UBL Bank Baba-e-Road Branch (Near DMC Saddar). 》For DPT http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/DPT-20191118.pdf 》For BS Nutrition  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/Nutrition-20191118.pdf 》For BS Radiology http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/Radiology-20191118.pdf 》For BS Dental  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/DCP-20191118.pdf 》For BS Occupational Therapy & BS Prosthetics http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/OT-PO-20191118.pdf 》For BS Medical technology http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/IMT-20191118.pdf ■ Last Date to Apply  ▪For DPT = 29th Novemebr, 2019 ▪For BS Fields =  06th December, 2019 ■ Entry Test Date ▪For DPT = 08th December, 2019 ▪For BS Fields = 22nd December, 2019
 ■ FEE STRUCTURE  https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1789708244493687/ ■ ENTRY TEST PATTERN  ▪Pre-Engineering : English, Physics, Chemistry & Maths. ▪Pre-Medical : English, Physics, Chemistry & Biology. ▪Computer Science : English, Physics, Mathematics & CS ▪Other Groups : English, Economics, Maths & Islamic Studies ■ PROCEDURE (How to Apply) ▪Is Link per Jaye (www.fuuast.edu.pk/admission-morning) or SIGN UP Karey. ▪Signup K Bad LOGIN Karey. ▪Uske Bad Form Ayega wo Fill Kar K Submit Karey. ▪Submit K Bad Ek Printed Form Ayega wo Print Karwae or Documents K Sath Jama Karae. ▪Gulshan Iqbal Campus wale Askari Bank (Gulshan-e-Iqbal) Branch Main Form Jama Karae or Abdul Haq Campus Wale Pehle Askari Bank (Bohrapir Branch) Main Fee Jama karae or Phr Form & Documents Abdul Haq Campus Main Jama Karae. ■ REQUIRED DOCUMENTS ▪Two Printed Form  ▪Two Photocopies of Matric Marksheet & Certificates  ▪Two Photcopies of Intermediate Marksheets ▪Two Photcopies of Graduation Marksheets (For Masters Programs) ▪One Photocopy of CNIC or Bform ▪Two Photographs (Write your name & Form Number on back of Photos)
Dow University Admissions 2019-20  (DPT &  BS Fields) Forms will be available from tomorrow.
University of Karachi Admissions 2019-20 - Morning (Bachelors/Masters Open Merit Programs) Forms will be available from 18th November to 26th November.
 Forms will be available from 18th November
 ■ FEE STRUCTURE (Per Semester) https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1785182114946300/
 Forms will be available from tomorrow.  Complete Details & Procedure will be uploaded soon here

 》Engineering Programs... ▪www.pec.org.pk 》MBBS/BDS ▪www.pmdc.org.pk 》Agriculture related Programs (Food Sci etc) www.naeac.org 》Business Programs ▪www.nbeac.org.pk 》Technology Programs ▪www.ntc-hec.org.pk
Bachelor of Computer Science (BCS 3 Years) Admissions in Govt Colleges (Affiliated with University of Karachi) ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ■ ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA ▪Intermediate (with Mathematics) Passed with 45% or... ▪DAE  (with Mathematics) Passed with 50%
Dawood University Admissions - Evening  (BS Computer Science & BS Mathematics)
 ■ Isra University (DPt/BS-VS/BSN) ▪Last Date to Apply: 30th November  https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1405581716257645/ ■ Liaquat National (BS Nursing) ▪Last Date to Apply: 23rd November https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1405249279624222/ ■ KITE  ▪Last Date to Apply: 16th November  https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1405245532957930/ ■ JSMU (DPT/BS-MT/Pharm-D) ▪Last Date to Apply: 15th November  https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1402844399864710/ ■ IoBM (BE/BS)  ▪Last Date to Apply: 16th November  https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1405549149594235/ ■ UMDC (DPT) ▪Last Date to Apply: 07th November  https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1405599172922566/ ■ Shaikh Zayed (BS Islamic Studies) ▪Last Date to Apply: 08th November  https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1405284802954003/ ■ Emaan Institute (BSCS/BBA) https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1405301066285710/ ■ Hamdard University (BE/BS)  https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1405295386286278/ ■ KASBIT https://www.facebook.com/569308973218261/posts/1405263622956121/
 Eligibility Criteria  Doctor of Physiotherapy: HSC Pre-Medical (60%) BS Medical Laboratory Technology: HSC Pre-Medical (50%) Fee Structure  DPT: 125,160 per Semester  BS MLT: 75,600 per Semester

 ■ BS Vision Sciences ... ▪Fee Structure: 182,000 per Year  ■ Doctor of Physiotherapy  ▪Fee Structure: 245,000 per Year  ■ BS Nursing  ▪Fee Structure: 145,000 per Year
 Fee Structure ... https://admissions.iobm.edu.pk/fee-structure/

 Eligibility Criteria  ▪BBA: Intermediate (Any Group) 50% ▪BSCS: Intermediate (with Mathematics) 50%
Hamdard University Admissions  (BE/BS/BBA)
 ▪BS Islamic Studies with Computer Technology  ▪P.G.D Islamic Banking and Finance leading to Masters Apply Online at www.szic.edu.pk/ Last date for Submission of Forms is 8th Nov, 2019
KASBIT Admissions
Habib University provides full Scholarships for Undergraduate Programs
Liaquat National Medical College Admissions 2019-20 (BS Nursing)
KITE Admissions Spring 2019
Sir syed University Admissions for PhD & MS Programs
 FEE STRUCTURE  ▪​Engineering/IT, Bio Sciences & Natural Sciences: 95,000 per Semester  ▪​Architecture, Social Sciences &  Business Studies : 110,000 per Semester  Only two Programs are offered at Karachi Campus (Mechanical Engineering & Electrical Engineering)
JSMU Admissions 2019-20  (Pharm-D/DPT/BS-MT/BS-PH) ■ Last Year Closing Aggregate Doctor of Pharmacy  ▪Merit (karachi) =  ▪Self Finance (Karachi) = 71-72 ▪Merit (Interior Sindh) = 65-66 ▪Self Finance (Interior Sindh) = 53-54 ▪Pehla Step Is Link (asmissions.jsmu.edu.pk) Per ja K Register karey, Jo Email Ap Ne De hai, us pe Ek Link Ayega, us Link per Click Karey, APki ID ban Jayege, Phr Wapis Register Wale Link Per Jaye, LOGIN karey, Next Page Pe Form Ayega,  ▪1st page per Apka Personal Data Required hai wo FIll Kar k NEXT Karey ▪2nd Page per Apka DATA required hai wo Bhi Fill Kar K NEXT Karey ▪3rd Page per Education Details Reqyired wo Fill kar K NEXT Karey ▪4th Page per Apko DOcuments Scan Kar K Upload Karne hain  (Ap Picture Le K Bhi Upload Kar Sakte hain Agar Clear Arahe Hai, Agar Picture Le K He Upload Karna hai tu Phir PLAYSTORE se CAM SCANNER App Download Karey, Uska Result Acha Hai), Then Submit Per CLick Karey ▪5th Page per FIELDS K Naam Ajaenge, Jis Field main Apply Karna Hai us per Click Karey, Uska VOucher Ajaega, wo VOucher Print Karwa K Bank Mai Pay karey or Phr Scan kar k Upload karey (VOucher Upload ka Option isi Page per Dia Hoga) ▪Agar Ap Ek Field Se Zyada Fields main APply Karna Chahte Hain tu Apko Har Field Ka Alag VOucher Nikalna Parega or Pay Karna Parega. Is STEP K bad Ka Procedure Mujhe Nahe Pata Q K Website or Prospectus Main Sahe Se mention Nahe kia hai or VOucher main Free Main Pay Nahe Kar Sakta, VOucher Upload Karey wo Under Rewiew Ajaega, Phir 1,2 Din bad Check Karey, Agey Jo karna Hoga wo Wahan Pe Show Hojaega, ya Phir Mujhe DIkha Dena Koe.
NUMS MDCAT 2019 NUMS (Army Medical College) Ne Bhi Old Policy K Mutabiq Forms Jari Kar Dye. Lagta Hai PMDC Ko Pata Hai K Wo Kal Case Harenge.
 ■ Questions Regarding Self Finance  ▪Q: Hamey self K Lye Apply Karna Hai tu uske Forms Kab ayenge? Ahi Wala Form Fill Karna Parega? Is Form Main Self Ka Option Nahe Hai?  ▪A: Self Finance k Forms Bad Main Aynge Lekin Abhi Jo Forms Aye Hai wo Bhi fill Karna Lazmj Hai SELF K Lye, Test Pass Karna Bhi Lazmi Hai, Or Bad Main Self k Forms Ayenge Wo Bhi Jama Karana Lazmi Hoga. ■Question Reagrding Pharm-D ▪Q: Hamey Pharmacy or Bachelors Dono Main Apply Karna Hai tu Forms Alag Alag Submit Hongey? Fees bhi Alag Jayege?
Karachi University Admissions 2020 - Morning (Entry Test Based Programs)

 Sample Test Paper for Admissions in Masters Programs
 Sample Test Paper for Admissions in Bachelors Programs
Karachi University Admissions 2020 (Entry Test Based Programs)
 Forms will be available from 14th October. 
DUHS Entry Test for Pharm-D / BS Biotechnology / BS Nursing /Post RN 
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 Admissions (PRIVATE Medical Colleges MBBS/BDS) ■ ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA  ▪HSC Pre-Medical passed with 70%... ▪Entry Test passed with 50% (100 Marks) ■SEATS Distribution  ▪MBBS = 1450 ▪BDS = 690 ■FEE STRUCTURE (According to PMDC) ▪Annual Tuition Fee = 950,000 ▪Admission Fee = 50,000 ■ PROCEDURE (How to Apply) ● Step # 1  ▪Is Link per Jaye (https://lumhs.edu.pk/admission/app/signup.php) or Sign Up karey. ● Step # 4 ▪Application Form Neche Dye gaye Documents K Sath Is Address per (Directorate of Admissions, Liaquat University of Medical & Health Science, Jamshoro Sindh Pakistan) Per Courier Kar Dey. ● DOCUMENTS ▪University copy of paid bank voucher of Rs.2500/- (as processing fee) ▪Provincial / Regional MDCAT Result 2019 ▪Downloaded application form ▪Copy of Matriculation Certificate (SSC) or O-level Equivalence Certificate by IBCC ▪Copy of Matriculation marks certificate or 'O' level Transcript Certificate ▪Copy HSSC Pre-Medical marks Certificate / A Level Transcript Certificate ▪Copy of HSC Pre-Medical certificate (Provisional) or A-Level equivalence certificate by IBCC ▪National Identity Card from NADRA / 'B' Form of candidate (as applicable) ▪PRC and Domicile Certificate of candidate ▪Computerized National Identity Card of Father from NADRA (in case of death of father or divorce) then Mother ▪Hafiz-e-Quran Certificate (If applicable) from any reputable Madrasa ▪Six passport size photographs of candidate (fresh) ▪Affidavit
KARACHI UNIVERSITY Admissions 2019-20 (Visual Studies Departments) ■ Departments of Visual Studies ▪Bachelor of Architecture ... ▪Bachelor of Ceramics & Glass ▪Bachelor of Graphic Design ▪Bachelor of Film ▪Bachelor of Animation ▪Bachelor of Industrial Design  ▪Bachelor of Textile Design ▪Bachelor of Fine Art ▪Bachelor of Islamic Art
DOW University Admissions 2019-20 (BS Biotechnology) ■ Eligibility Criteria ▪Intermediate (Pre-Medical or Pre-Engineering) Passed with 60%... ▪Candidate's Domicile of SINDH. Step - 2 ▪Click on this Link (http://www.duhs.edu.pk/downlo…/Application-form-DCOB2019.pdf), An Application form in PDF File will be appeared. ▪Download & Print Out that Form. ▪Fill it and Submit the Application Form with Required Documents & Paid Voucher of 2000 in UBL Bank Baba-e-Road Branch (Near DMC Saddar).
 ■ Eligibility Criteria ▪Intermediate (Pre-Medical) Passed with 60%... ▪Candidate's Domicile of Karachi ■ Last Year Closing Aggregate ▪Merit = 77+ ▪Self Finance Morning = 67+ ▪Self Finance Evening = 64+ ■ Seats Distribution ▪Merit = 60 ▪Self Finance Morning = 40 ▪Self Finance Evening = 60 Self Finance ▪1st Year = 320,933 ▪Other years = 260,150 per year Step - 2 ▪Click on this Link (http://www.duhs.edu.pk/downlo…/Application-form-DCOP2019.pdf), An Application form in PDF File will be appeared. ▪Download & Print Out that Form. ▪Fill it and Submit the Application Form with Required Documents & Paid Voucher of 2000 in UBL Bank Baba-e-Road Branch (Near DMC Saddar).
 Second Merit List https://www.neduet.edu.pk/…/SECOND_CALL_LIST…/Merit_Main.htm
SINDH MDCAT - 2019
Dow University Admissions 2019-20  (Doctor of Pharmacy & BS Biotechnology) Forms will be available from tomorrow to 22nd October. Eligibility Criteria For Pharmacy, Only Karachi Domicile Candidates (with 60% Marks in Intermediate) can Apply. For Biotechnology, Sindh Domicile Candidates (60% Marks in Intermediate) can Apply. 
SINDH MDCAT - 2019
FMDC Admissions 2019-20 (MBBS) FMDC is a Govt University (situated in Islamabad). You can apply on the basis LUMHS Test Score. Procedure to Apply  ▪Sab Se Pehle Bank Jaye, 1000 Rupe Ka Pay Order/Bank Draft Banaye, is Name per "Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical University, Islamabad" (NTN No. 9010030-4). ▪Phir Is Link Per Jaye (http://admissions.szabmu.edu.pk/fmdc2019/), Yahan Se Signup Karey or Phir Login. ▪Next Page per Form Ayega, wo Pora Fill Karey. ▪Submit Karne K Bad Filled Form Ayega, Uska Print Nikale or Required Documents (Picture me mention hai) or Pay Order/Bank Draft K Sath is Address (Admission & Registration Department, Regustrar Office, Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhuttoo Medical University, PIMS, Sector G - 8/3, Islamabad, Pakistan) Per TCS Kar De.
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 - COMPLETE PROCEDURE (Govt Medical Colleges Admissions for MBBS/BDS) ■ 2 Forms Apko Fill Karne Hai ▪Online (Har District K Lye Alag Hai)... ▪Manual Form (Jo TCS Office Se Lena Hai Apko) ■ PROCEDURE i) Sab Se Pehle Ap TCS Office Se Form Lenge  (Prospectus Milta hai or Form Uske Andar Hota Hai) TCS Centres List Link : https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1733576190106893/ ii) Phir Ap ONLINE Form Fill Karenge  ▪Karachi Wale is Link per (https://www.duhs.edu.pk/mbbs2019/) ▪Interior Sindh Wale Apna District Is Link per Dekhe K Apko LUMHS Ka Fill Karna Hai Ya SMBBMU Ka (Link: https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1735362883261557/) ■ MANUAL FORM PROCEDURE (Jo TCS Se Milega) ▪Manual Form Main Bhi Wahe Cheze Puche howe Jo Online form Main hai, Pora Fill Karey. ▪Manual Form Fill Karne K Bad REQUIRED Documents Ke Photcopies K Sath Apne District K Selection Centre Ko TCS Kar De (jis TCS Office Se Form Lia hai Wahe Se kar de tu Behter hoga) Karachi Wale DOW K Address per TCS Karenge or Interior Wale Uper Link Apna Selection Centre Dekh le. ▪Documents K 2 Sets banenge (Ek Original Form K Sath lagega or Ek Original Form ke Photocopy K Sath) ▪Documents Ke List Prospectus me De hwe hai or Mai Ne Page per Bhi Post Ke Hai (Link: https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1735367696594409/) Documents Main Kuch Sawalat Jo Bachay Puch Sakte Hain ▪1st pe tu Roll Number Slip ke Copy hai Jis per Ap ne test Dia Hai ▪ENTRY TEST RESULT: Jo Entry Test Result Aya hai Uska Print Out Nikal K Lagae. ▪Pictures K peche Apna Naam Zarur Likhe. ▪VOucher Form K Sath Jo Mila hai wo bank Main Pay Karne K bad Us Ke University Copy Lagane hai. FEES At the time of issuing Prospectus = 150 TCS charges + 1000 Prospctus Charges = 1150 VOcuher with Application Form = 1500 At the time of Form Submission = 200 TCS Charges REGARDS : Sare Copy/Paste Wale Apna Naam Likhe 😜
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 (Govt Medical Colleges Admissions for MBBS/BDS)
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 (Govt Medical Colleges Admissions for MBBS/BDS) TAGGED DISTRICTS Is Main 3 Selection Centres Dye Hain (Ap K District K lye Jo University De Howe Hai, Apko Apna Form Wahan Bejhna Hai or Jo Ap Online form Fill Karenge wo bhi Is List K Hisab Se Karenge)... i) Karachi Walo K Lye DOW Hai. ii) Baqi Interior K Districts K 2 Jagah Divide Kiya Gaya Hai, Kuch Districts K Forms SMBBMU Larkana Jayenge or Kuch K LUMHS Jamshoro.
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 (Karachities) (Making Unofficial List) We are making an unofficial List of Candidates. I have onlt Intermediate Students Data.  So I am requesting to (A-Level/Aga Khan/ Federal Board Students & those students who have given test again without Improvement). Please Comment or Inbox me Your Aggregate because the List will be incomplete without Other Board Candidates. We have find out the Aggregates of approx 1000 A.1 Grade Candidates till now. Aggregates of those Candidates  ▪11 Candidates have Aggregate more than 90. ▪88 Candidates have Aggregate 85 to 89. ▪181 Candidates have Aggregate between 80 to 84. ▪252 Candidates have Aggregate between 75 to 79. ▪201 Candidates have Aggregate between 70 to 74. ▪164 Candidates have Aggregate less than 70. While Others are failed or didn't give test. 400-500 A.1 Grades and 3000 A Grades Candidates Data are remaining.
SINDH MDCAT - 2019
SINDH MDCAT - 2019
SINDH MDCAT - 2019
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 You can get Application Form with Prospectus from these Branches of TCS.
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 Forms and Prospectus will be available from tomorrow for Admission in Govt Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS).
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 (Statistics Test City Wise)
SINDH MDCAT - 2019
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 (Statistics) Total Candidates = 27691... Passed Candidates = 8188 Failed Candidates = 19503 Source of Statistics = Resultpedia Website
SINDH MDCAT - 2019
SINDH MDCAT- 2019

 Note  Required % for CS is 50%.
Sindh MDCAT - 2019 اس ویڈیو میں این۔ٹی۔ایس کی چھ لاکھ روپے میں بیچنے کی بات ہورہی ہے. یہ پیپر لیک ہونے کا سو فیصد ثبوت تو نہیں ہے لیکن ایسی ویڈیوز کی تحقیقات ضرور ہونی چاہئیے۔ 
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 Medical Universities Schedule (By PMDC)  Govt Universities... Issuance of Forms = 23rd September  Last Date = 14th October 1stt Merit List = 22nd October Private Universities  Issuance of Forms = 31st September  Last Date = 22nd October 1stt Merit List = 29th November
Last 3 Years Closing Aggregates of MBBS/BDS in Govt Medical Colleges
SINDH MDCAT 2019
SINDH MDCAT - 2019
SINDH MDCAT- 2019  (Today's Entry Test Paper)
SINDH MDCAT - 2019 (Statistics)  Total Candidates = More than 26,000
Sindh MDCAT 2019 ><><><><><><><>< Don't forget to bring these things for Test  ▪Admit Card (Agar Apko Admit Card Nahe Mila tu NTS website se Apne Roll Number Ke... Slip Print Karwale) ▪Original CNIC or Bform (Agar Ap Bform Le Ja Rahe Hain tu Apne Sath Original Matric Ceritificate or Domicile Bhi Le Jae) ▪Ball Pen/ Pencil & Clipboard
 Check your Data Record in this Link http://admissions.neduet.edu.pk/admissi…/DataRecord_List.jsp

 Those who have scored minimum 20 Marks in Test and has secured 60% in Intermediate, required to Follow this Procedure.

 > Board Wise STATISTICS Comparison (Last 3 Years)




 Last Date to Apply = 7 October, 2019 Entry test Date = 10 October, 2019

NUMS - MDCAT Admissions 2019 Entry Test Result has been announced.  https://nts.org.pk/…/Resu…/0919/NUMS_1stSep19_Res/Search.php
NED University Admissions  (Statistics Comparison) ■ 2019  ▪Appeared Candidates = 10387... ▪Passed Candidates = 6708 ▪Passing Ratio = 64.58% ■ 2018 ▪Appeared Candidates = 11240 ▪Passed Candidates = 4945 ▪Passing Ratio = 43.99% ■ 2017 ▪Appeared Candidates = 10322 ▪Passed Candidates = 4209 ▪Passing Ratio = 40.77%
#DUHS Admissions 2019 (BS Nursing & Post RN) 

#DUHS Admissions 2019 (BS Nursing & Post RN) 

NED University Admissions 2019 (Statistics)  Total Candidates Appeared = 10,385 Male Candidates = 6,649 Female Candidates = 3,736 Candidates from Karachi = 6,186 Candidates from Interior Sindh = 4,199

 All Candidates are required to bring the following things along with them: ▪Original Admit Card... ▪Pen ▪Pencil ▪Eraser ▪Scientific (Not programmable) Calculator

Sindh MDCAT - 2019 ▪Is Bar Admit Cards Ghar pe Nahe Ayenge, NTS Website Se He Roll Number Slip Print Karwani Hai. ▪Agar Kisi Ka Naam Roll Number Slip Main Nahe Araha hai wo Rejected List Main Dekhe, Agar Ab Bh Rejected Mai hai tu Kuch Nahe Ho Sakt Hai Lekin Phr Bhi NTS Office Ja K Bat kr le ek bar.
Sindh MDCAT- 2019 NTS has uploaded the Roll Number Slips on Website.  Procedure to Download Roll Number Slips 1) Link per jaye, Apna CNIC Number ya Nam Likh K Search Karey. 2) Next Page per Download Slip per Click karey. 3) Next Page Main Password Manga Hai, Apne Contact Number K Last 7 Words Apka Password Hai (Jo Number Ap ne Form main diya tha) 4) Next Page per Roll Number Slip Ajaege wo Download Kar K Print Karwae.

NUMS - MDCAT 2019 Answer Keys of Yesterday's Test  https://nts.org.pk/Test&Pro…/…/NUMS_01Sep2019_Keys/Color.php
MDCAT - Punjab 2019 (Result) Total Candidates Appeared = 72,173 Passed Candidates = 44,617 Failed Candidates = 27,556
 Online Form Link  https://admission.zu.edu.pk/student/account/login
NUMS - MDCAT 2019 Aj K Test Ka Wo Azeem Section Mil Gaya Jis Ne Bacho Ko Rulaya (Physics Section)


MDCAT - 2019  List of Eligible/Rejected Candidates  ■ List of Eligible Candidates ... https://www.nts.org.pk/…/Lis…/0819/SMC_08Sep19_FL/Search.php ▪Agar Apka Naam Is List me Show Ho Raha tu Iska Matlab Hai K Ap Eligible Hai or Ab Apka Admir Card Ayega. ■ List of Rejected Candidates https://www.nts.org.pk/…/Li…/0819/SMC_08Sep19_FL/SearchR.php ▪Agar Apka Naam Is List me Show Ho Raha Hai tu Rejected Reason Main Jo Likha Hai wo Follow Karey. ▪For Example: Jin Ka "FEES NOT SUBMITTED" Likha Ha wo 31 August Se Pehle Apne NTS Paid Voucher (1150 wala) Ke Picture is Email (fee.lumhs@nts.org.pk) per Send Kar Dey.
MDCAT - 2019 List of Rejected Candidates https://www.nts.org.pk/…/Li…/0819/SMC_08Sep19_FL/SearchR.php Note: Queries of the candidates regarding rejection can be entertained till Saturday, 31st August 2019 12:00 PM.  No query shall be entertained after the said date. Candidates must not come physically to NTS offices, rather Send Email the image of NTS paid deposit slip voucher having bank's stamp at following Email ID fee.lumhs@nts.org.pk . Candidates must mention DEPOSIT ID and CNIC no in Subject email.
MDCAT - 2019

 PROGRAMS 4 Years Diploma of Associate Engineer in Mechanical Technology 3 Years Diploma of Associate Engineer in Mechanical Technology... 3 Years Diploma of Associate Engineer in Instrumentation & Process Control Technology  FEE STRCTURE Merit = 9,500 per Semester (6 Months) Self Finance = 33,500 per Semester (6 Month)


Admission for Foreigners & Dual Nationality Holder Pakistanis (MBBS/BDS/Pharm-D/BSc Engineering) More Details are available in this Link https://www.hec.gov.pk/…/serv…/students/SFS/Pages/Intro.aspx

MDCAT (KPK) 2019 Entry Test Paper  (Held Today)
MDCAT (Punjab) 2019 Entry Test Paper  (Held Today)
MDCAT - 2019 ▪Kia Ap Ne Fees Pay Karne K Bad Ye Chexe NTS Office Islamabad Wale Address prr Bejh Dye Hain?  Printed Form + CNIC ya Bform Copy + 2 Photograpghs + NTS Paid Voucher (Original)  ▪Kia Ap Ne Fees Pay Karne K Bad NTS Paid Vocuher Ke Picture Le Kar is email (Fee.lumhs@nts.org.pk) per Bejh Dia Hai? Tu Mubarak Ho Ap MCAT K Pehle STEP main Kamyab hogaye Ho 😂  Ab test Hoga or Uske Bad or Forms Ayenge.
MEDICAL COLLEGES (MBBS/BDS) PAST PAPERS https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1655406951257151 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1009156339233520 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=822241891258300 ● 2016 (KMDC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=821564487992707 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825401517609004 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833068753490979 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825406334275189 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833068753490979 ● 2014 (KMDC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825408740941615 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833056466825541 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833053006825887 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833050676826120 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833042223493632 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833039366827251 https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833028573494997
MDCAT - 2019
MDCAT - 2019 Q) Dow or Jinnah Pharmacy K Lye MBBS Wala NTS Dena Lazmi Hai Ya Nahe?  A) Har Sal Pharmacy K Admissions NTS Test per He Hote Hain Lekin wo NTS K Last Date Se Pehle Update Kar Dete the. ... Is Bar Abhi Tak Update Nahe Kia Hai tu Alag Test Hoga.









FIELDS Options For Pre-Medical 50% & Above) ■ REQUEST FROM SENIORS
FIELDS Options For Pre-Medical (45 to 50%) ■ REQUEST FROM SENIORS
MDCAT 2019-20 (FAQs) Ans : ... ▪PMDC ne Clearly Apne Notification Main Likha Hai K Inter me 70% Se Kam Walo Ka MBBS/BDS Main Admission Nahi Hoga. ▪PMDC Ne Ek Point Main Sab ko Confuse kar Diya Hai, Unho Ne Likha Hai K Fsc ke % Shart Nahe Hai, Test Sab De Sakte Hain. Lekin Uper Ye Bhi Likha Hai K 70% Se Kam Walo Ka MBBS/BDS Main Admission nh Hga. Ans : ▪Iska Abhi Koe Jawab Nahe hai, Agar Ap Chance Lena Chahte hain tu Le Ley Wese Mushkil Hai K PMDC Apna Criteria Change Karey. ▪Note : Last Year Private MBBS Ka Merit 59 Aggregate tha or Private BDS Ka 40s tak aya tha.

MDCAT - 2019 (MBBS/BDS Admissions)  Q : Aggregate Srf Science Subjects Se Banega ya Overall? A : Aggregate Hamesha Science Subjects Se He Banta Hai. PMDC K Rules Kahe pe Bhi is Bare Main Kuch Nahe Likha Hai tu Chances Zyada tu Science Subjects Hai Lekin Confirm Prospectus Aney K Bd He Hoga.
SINDH - MDCAT 2019  (MBBS/BDS Admissions 2019 in Govt & Private Universities) ■ STEP - IV ▪Next Page per Ek Printed Form or Voucher Ayega, Uska Print Nikalwae. ▪Voucher Bank Main Pay Karey. ▪3 Voucher Slips Hogi      • Bank Copy (Bank Wale Rakh Denge)      • Candidate Copy (Ap Apne Pas Rakhna)      • NTS Copy (Form K Sath Bejhni Hai) ■ STEP - V Then Printed Form In Cheezo K Sath Neche Dye Gaye Address per TCS Kar Dey. ▪2 Photograpghs,  ▪1 Attested Photocopy of CNIC/Bform ▪ORIGINAL Bank Deposit Slip (NTS Copy) ¤ Iske Elawa NTS PAID Deposit Slip Voucher ke Picture Is Email (fee.lumhs@nts.org.pk) per Bhi Bejhni Hai. Form Fee Bank Voucher = 1150 TCS Charges = 200
MDCAT- 2019 (MBBS/BDS)
SINDH - MDCAT 2019
NUMS - MDCAT Admissions 2019 (MBBS/BDS)


KASBIT Admissions

Mehran University Jamshoro Admissions 2019-20 Students of Karachi can apply.




<><><><><><><><><><><><><> DAWOOD UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2019-20 <><><><><><><><><><><><><> ▪ADMISSION SCHEDULE ▪ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA... ▪ADMISSION CRITERIA ▪FEE STRUCTURE ▪ENTRY TEST PATTERN ▪CLOSING PERCENTAGES  ▪ADMISSION PROCEDURE ● ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA (Means in which field you can apply) https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1679168925547620 ● ADMISSION CRITERIA ▪Admissions are given on the basis of Aggregate (10% Matric + 40% Inter/DAE + 50% Test) - (means Test me Zyada Score karne per Apke Admission Chances Zyada Hongey) ▪Aggregate Formula : 0.1 x Matric % + 0.4 x Inter/DAE % + 0.5 Test Marks ● SEATS DISTRIBUTION https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1679165078881338 ● FEE STRUCTURE ▪Merit https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1679160965548416 ▪Self Finance https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1679162262214953 ● ENTRY TEST PATTERN ▪Physics = 25% ▪Mathematics = 25% ▪English = 25% ▪Chemistry/Computer Science = 25% ▪There will be negative marking of 0.4 on every wrong MCQ. ▪Test Passing Marks = 20
 Eligibility Criteria 1st Picture (For HSC Candidates) 2nd Picture (For DAE Candidates)
 Link to Apply ... https://admissions.duet.edu.pk/login

 Self Financed Fee Structure
 Fee Structure = 16000 per semester
#DUHS Admissions 2019-20  (BBA/MBA/EMBA) 
STEVTA FREE COURSES (6 Months to 1 Year) Govt Vocational Training Institute Institute, Hyderi Nazimabad  Govt Vocational Training Institute, Korangi - 3 (Boys) Govt. Monotechnic Institute , Gulistan-e-Johar ... Govt Vocational Training Institute, New Karachi (GIRLS)
NED Admission Problems 1) SIGNUP K Bad Jinke Email Per ID or Password Nahe Aye wo Spam Folder Me Check Karey. Wahan Bhi Nahe ho tu phr NED Helpline per Rabta Karey.
<><><><><><><><><><><><><> IIEE Admissions 2019 - BE Industrial Electronics Engineering (Complete Details)  <><><><><><><><><><><><><> • ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA • ADMISSION CRITERIA... • SEATS DISTRIBUTION • FEE STRUCTURE  • REQUIRED DOCUMENTS • ADMISSION PROCEDURE  ■ {ADMISSION DATES} ▪Last Date to Apply = 06th September, 2019 ▪Entry Test = IIEE is not conducting Test this time. They will accept the score of any of thw following Test  ¤ NED Entry Test ¤ NAT-IE Test by NTS ¤ SAT ■ {ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA} ▪HSC Pre-Engineering (60%) ■ {ADMISSION CRITERIA} ▪Admissions are given on the basis of Merit Score (HSC Marks 1100 + Test Marks 100 = 1200) ■ [SEATS DISTRIBUTION} ▪https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1673787909419055/ ■ {FEE STRUCTURE} ▪https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1673792106085302/ ■ {ADMISSION PROCEDURE} ▪Download Application Form from this Link & Submit it in IIEE with REQUIRED Documents.  https://iiee.edu.pk/…/…/2019/07/IIEE-Admission-Form-2019.pdf
IIEE ADMISSIONS 2019 - FEE STRUCTURE 
IIEE Admissions 2019  (BE Industrial Electronics Engineering) IIEE will not conduct test this year.  They will accept the Test Score of NED/NAT-IE/SAT.
<><><><><><><><><><><><><> NED Unibersity Admissions 2019 (Complete Details)  <><><><><><><><><><><><><> • ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA • ADMISSION CRITERIA... • SEATS DISTRIBUTION • FEE STRUCTURE • CLOSING PERCENTAGES  • REQUIRED DOCUMENTS • ADMISSION PROCEDURE  ■ {ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA (Means in which field you can apply)} https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1672927446171768/ ■ {ADMISSION CRITERIA} • Admissions are given on the basis of Merit Score (HSC Marks 1100 + Test Marks 100 = 1200) ■ [SEATS DISTRIBUTION} https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1671290999668746/ ■ {FEE STRUCTURE} https://www.facebook.com/573313849466472/posts/1672956432835536/ ■ STEP - I ▪Sab se pehle is link per Jaye (http://admissions.neduet.edu.pk/…/Instruction_Registration.…) or Jo Details Mangi Hai wo Fill Kare. ▪Email Aesi Dalni Hai Jo Apke Use Main Ho (Gmail Use karey wo Zyada Behter Hoga). ▪Details Fill karne K Bad SIGNUP per Click Karey. ▪Apke Gmail ID per Apke ID or Password Ajaenge.  ■ STEP - II (LOGIN) ▪Is link Per Jaye or Jo ID or Password Email per aye the Us Se LOGIN Karey. http://admissions.neduet.edu.pk/admissions/user_login.jsp ■ Step 3 (FORM FILLING) Form K Andar Kahe Steps Hai. 1) BOARD  ▪Is Main Ap Apna Board/Inter Group or Category Select Karenge, Jis me apko apply krna hai. ▪Ek se zyada categories me apply kr skte hain. ▪Categories ke list is link per dekhe (https://www.neduet.edu.pk/…/Admiss…/CHAPTER_5_Prospectus.pdf) 4) Qualification  ▪Matric or inter ke details mangi hogi wo fill karey. ▪Inter k marks khali chorne he wo result k bd add krne hnge. ▪Ek or option hga Additional subject ka wo unke lye h jinho ne medical se engineering ya engineering se Medical me aney K lye inter k additional papers dye ho. 6) Upload Photograpgh ▪Apni Picture upload kare (lekin Us Se Pehle Pic ke lye jo Instructions hai wo zaruru parhe)
 ■ STEP - I ▪Sab se pehle is link per Jaye (http://admissions.neduet.edu.pk/…/Instruction_Registration.…) or Jo Details Mangi Hai wo Fill Kare. ▪Email Aesi Dalni Hai Jo Apke Use Main Ho (Gmail Use karey wo Zyada Behter Hoga).... ▪Details Fill karne K Bad SIGNUP per Click Karey. ▪Apke Gmail ID per Apke ID or Password Ajaenge.  ■ STEP - II (LOGIN) ▪Is link Per Jaye or Jo ID or Password Email per aye the Us Se LOGIN Karey. http://admissions.neduet.edu.pk/admissions/user_login.jsp ■ Step 3 (FORM FILLING) Form K Andar Kahe Steps Hai. 1) BOARD  ▪Is Main Ap Apna Board/Inter Group or Category Select Karenge, Jis me apko apply krna hai. ▪Ek se zyada categories me apply kr skte hain. ▪Categories ke list is link per dekhe (https://www.neduet.edu.pk/…/Admiss…/CHAPTER_5_Prospectus.pdf) 4) Qualification  ▪Matric or inter ke details mangi hogi wo fill karey. ▪Inter k marks khali chorne he wo result k bd add krne hnge. ▪Ek or option hga Additional subject ka wo unke lye h jinho ne medical se engineering ya engineering se Medical me aney K lye inter k additional papers dye ho. 6) Upload Photograpgh ▪Apni Picture upload kare (lekin Us Se Pehle Pic ke lye jo Instructions hai wo zaruru parhe)


 > FEE STRUCTURE


 Admission Fee BE/B.Arch/BSCS = 31,000 Remaining BS Programs = 29,000 Semester Fee  BE/B.Arch/BSCS = 18,510 Remaining BS Programs = 29,710



IHSAN TRUST Provides Qarz-e-Hasna (Interest free loan) for Education to the needy and deserving students of major and leading universities of Pakistan. ▪IBA, Karachi... ▪KSBL, Karachi ▪Dow University of Health Sciences Karachi ▪Sir Syed University of Engineering & Technology Karachi ▪Aga Khan University Karachi ▪COMMECS Institute of Business & Emerging Sciences Karachi ▪PAF KIET Karachi ▪IobM Karachi ▪National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (FAST NU) ▪SZABIST Karachi ▪Mohammad Ali Jinnah University ▪University of Karachi (UoK) ▪AMAN Institute for Vocational Training (AMANTECH), Karachi ▪Jinnah University for Women, Karachi ▪DHA Suffa University, Karachi ▪Sheikh Zayed Islamic Centre ▪UMDC-United Medical & Dental College ▪Islamic Mission Hospital Trust School of Nursing ▪Baqai Institute of Diabetology and Endocrinology ▪ACCA Pakistan (Through KCCI-Karachi Chamber of Commerce & Industry) ▪NED University Karachi ▪Hamdard University ▪IM-Sciences Peshawar ▪City University Peshawar ▪Riphah University Islamabad ▪The Institute of Legal Studies (TILS) Islamabad, Lahore, Multan ▪Ghulam Ishaq Khan Institute (GIKI) Topi, Swabi KPK ▪IBA Sukkur ▪COMSATS Lahore, Abbotabad, Islamabad ▪Shifa Tameer-e-Millat University Islamabad ▪International Islamic University Islamabad ▪Technical Training Center (TTC) PCESSDC Daharki Sind ▪CIMA Pakistan ▪LUMS Lahore ▪NUST Islamabad ▪University of Haripur ▪National Textile University Faisalabad ▪University of Agriculture Faisalabad ▪Fatima Jinnah Women University Rawalpindi ▪University of Gujrat ▪UET Taxila ▪CECOS University, Peshawar ▪University of Agriculture, Faisalabad ▪Mehran University of Engineering and Technology, Jamshoro ▪Khyber Medical University, KPK ▪HITEC University, Taxila ▪Islamia College University, Peshawar ▪IM Studies, University of Peshawar ▪University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir ▪Azad Jammu and Kashmir Medical College Muzaffarabad ▪Azad Jammu and Kashmir Medical College Poonch ▪Azad Jammu and Kashmir Medical College Mirpur ▪Rawalpindi Medical College ▪University of Engineering and Technology (UET), Lahore
<><><><><><><><><><><><><> DAWOOD UNIVERSITY ADMISSION DETAILS <><><><><><><><><><><><><> • ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA • ADMISSION CRITERIA... • SEATS DISTRIBUTION • FEE STRUCTURE • ENTRY TEST PATTERN • CLOSING PERCENTAGES  • REQUIRED DOCUMENTS {ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA (Means in which field you can apply)} https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1671441219653724 {ADMISSION CRITERIA} • Admissions are given on the basis of Aggregate (10% Matric + 40% Inter/DAE + 50% Test) - means Test me Zyada Score karne per Apke Admission Chances Zyada Hongey. • Aggregate Formula : 0.1 x Matric % + 0.4 x Inter/DAE % + 0.5 Test Marks [SEATS DISTRIBUTION} https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1671448776319635 {FEE STRUCTURE} 31,000 Per Year (Last Year) {ENTRY TEST PATTERN} Physics = 25% Mathematics = 25% English = 25% Chemistry/Computer Science = 25% {REQUIRED DOCUMENTS} • Mark sheet of H.S.C./DAE • Matric Certificate.  • CNIC/Bform of the candidate.  • CNIC of Father • Domicile



<><><><><><><><><><><><><> FEDERAL URDU UNIVERSITY ADMISSION DETAILS <><><><><><><><><><><><><> • ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA • ADMISSION CRITERIA... • FEE STRUCTURE • ENTRY TEST PATTERN • CLOSING PERCENTAGES  • REQUIRED DOCUMENTS {ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA (Means in which field you can apply)} https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1670702026394310 {ADMISSION CRITERIA} • TEST BASED PROGRAMS = In these Departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate/Graduation/Equivalent PERCENTAGE after PASSING Entry Test. • OPEN MERIT PROGRAMS = In these Departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate/Equivalent PERCENTAGE WITHOUT Any Test. {FEE STRUCTURE} https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1670681183063061 {ENTRY TEST PATTERN} • Pre-Engineering : English, Physics, Chemistry & Maths. • Pre-Medical : English, Physics, Chemistry & Biology. • Computer Science : English, Physics, Mathematics & CS • Other Groups : English, Economics, Maths & Islamic Studies {REQUIRED DOCUMENTS} • Mark sheet of H.S.C./Intermediate or equivalent for Bachelors Programs • Mark sheet of Bachelor’s degree/Graduation for Masters Program  • Character certificate from the Head of the last attended institution.  • CNIC/Bform of the candidate.  • CNIC of Father/Mother/Guardian • Certificate of S.S.C./Matric, H.S.C./Intermediate, A/O Level.


FEDERAL URDU UNIVERSITY Eligibility Criteria > Eligibility Criteria means (In which FIELDS you can Apply)
Federal Urdu University FEE STRUCTURE
MEDICAL COLLEGES (MBBS/BDS) PAST PAPERS <><><><><><><><><><><> ● 2018 (All Medical COlleges)  https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1655406951257151 ● 2017 (All Medical Colleges) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1009156339233520 ● 2016 (DMC/SMC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=822241891258300 ● 2016 (KMDC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=821564487992707 ● 2016 (SMBBMCL) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825401517609004 ● 2015 (DMC/SMC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833068753490979 ● 2015 (SMBBMCL) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825406334275189 ● 2014 (DMC/SMC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833068753490979 ● 2014 (KMDC) https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/… ● 2014 (SMBBMCL) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825408740941615 ● 2013 (DMC/SMC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833056466825541 ● 2012 (DMC/SMC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833053006825887 ● 2011 (DMC/SMC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833050676826120 ● 2010 (DMC/SMC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833042223493632 ● 2009 (DMC/SMC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833039366827251 ● 2007 (DMC/SMC) https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=833028573494997


Saifi Burhani School of Nursing Admissions 2019 (BS Nursing)
 Eligibility  MA/Msc/BS in Psychology

#JSMU Admissions in MSPH
#DUHS Admissions 2019-20 (Ph-D in Genetics, Biotechnology, Biochemistry, Microbiology & Pharmacology)

 Forms will be available from 15th July Entry Test Date = 31st August
 ▪Eligibility = Intermediate 70% (Overall) ▪Test Pattern = 200 MCQs with NO Negative Marking. ▪Admiting University = LUMHS (means ye Uni Admission procedure Chalaege Jese Last year JSMU or Us Se Pehle Dow th) ▪Test Passing Marks = 120/200 ▪Mininum Aggregate to get Admission in MBBS = 70 ▪Mininum Aggregate to get Admission in BDS = 60 ▪Aggregate Formula = Inter % x 0.5 + Test % x 0.5
Sindh MCAT Entry Test Pattern For Admissions 2019-20 (MBBS/BDS) ¤ Total MCQs = 200  Biology = 80 Chemistry = 60... Physics = 40 Eng = 20
Six Months FREE Courses at Memon Industrial & Technical Institute



 Eligibility  MBBS/BDS/MD/Pharmacist/Nurses/Bsc-Biological Sci/Allied Health Sciences

IBA Admission in MS Management
 Engineering Programs... www.pec.org.pk MBBS/BDS www.pmdc.org.pk Agriculture related Programs (Food Sci etc) www.naeac.org Business Programs  www.nbeac.org.pk Technology Programs www.ntc-hec.org.pk
<><><><><><><><><><><><><> KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS DETAILS <><><><><><><><><><><><><> • ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA • ADMISSION CRITERIA...
KARACHI UNIVERSITY Admissions Details > Entry Test Pattern for Masters Prorgams
KARACHI UNIVERSITY Admissions Details
KARACHI UNIVERSITY Admissions Details
Karachi University Last Year Closing Percentages  (Morning Bachelors Programs) Test Based Departments = In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis ...of Intermediate percentage after passing Entry Test. Open Merit Departments = In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate percentage without any Test. Visual Studies Departments = Admission in these departments are based on Aggregate System (Inter % + Test Marks + Interview)
Karachi University Fee Structure 2018-19 (Evening Programs)
 > Eligibility Criteria for Bachelors Programs (Eligibility means Ap Kin fieds main Apply Kar Sakte hain, Har Field K Agey Uske Eligibility Likhi Howe Hai)
 > Eligibility Criteria for MASTERS Programs (Eligibility means Ap Kin fieds main Apply Kar Sakte hain, Har Field K Agey Uske Eligibility Likhi Howe Hai)
KARACHI UNIVERSITY Admissions Details  SELF FINANCE / DONOR Seats & Fee Structure
KARACHI UNIVERSITY Admissions Details  SELF FINANCE / DONOR Seats & Fee Structure
KARACHI UNIVERSITY Admissions Details RESERVED SEATS for Province of Sindh (Other than Karachi), Balochistan, FATA, Northern Areas, AJK and Armed Forces
 > Eligibility Criteria for MASTERS Programs (Eligibility means Ap Kin fieds main Apply Kar Sakte hain, Har Field K Agey Uske Eligibility Likhi Howe Hai)
 > Eligibility Criteria for Bachelors Programs (Eligibility means Ap Kin fieds main Apply Kar Sakte hain, Har Field K Agey Uske Eligibility Likhi Howe Hai)
Karachi University Fee Structure 2018-19 (Evening Programs)
Karachi University Fee Structure 2018-19 (Morning Programs)
Last Year MCAT NTS Paper for MBBS/BDS (Govt & Private Medical Colleges)
 Fee Structure = 40,000 per semester
 Fee Structure = 40,000 per semester





Dow University Admissions 2019-20 (Postgraduate Programs)
 ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA ● These scholarships are open to female applicants only. In addition, applicants must: ● Be Pakistani nationals currently residing in Pakistan  ... ● Be pursuing a four-year bachelor’s degree in the above listed subject areas ● Hold a confirmed admission offer from an HEC recognised public university in Pakistan  SUBJECTS/FIELDS BS (4 Years) or Masters (2 Years) Programs in following subjects ● Education  ● Sustainable Energy ● Food Security and Agriculture ● Health Sciences ● Science, Technology, Engineering & Maths (Only Masters) AWARD ● Tuition fees for courses in eligible fields ● University hostel costs (where applicable)  ● Travel to and from home to university two times a year for students staying in on-campus hostels HOW TO APPLY : ● Applying Online: The online application form can be filled and submitted on the official British Council website, at the link: https://bit.ly/2WLMy9b ● Applying via Courier: Application forms can also be downloaded from the Downloads section below. Completed applications should be sent via courier to the British Council Islamabad office at the following address: 

Karachi University Last Year Closing Percentages  (Evening Bachelors Programs) Test Based Departments = In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate percentage after passing Entry Test. Open Merit Departments = In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate percentage without any Test.
Karachi University Last Year Closing Percentages  (Morning Bachelors Programs) Test Based Departments = In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate percentage after passing Entry Test. Open Merit Departments = In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate percentage without any Test. Visual Studies Departments = Admission in these departments are based on Aggregate System (Inter % + Test Marks + Interview)
MBBS/BDS Admissions 2019  (Detailed Post) ● Candidate must have 70% in Inter or Equivalent  (Inter Main Overall 70% se Kam hai tu Admission Nahe Le Skte hain) ● Merit Criteria has been changed : Test 50% + Inter 50%  (Pehle 10% matric, 40% Inter or 50% Inter K base per Aggregate banta tha, Ab Srf Inter or Test Marks Per Agggregate banega) ● 70 Se Kam Aggregate Wale Ko MBBS Admission nahe Milega or 60 se Kam Wale Ko BDS Main Nahe Milega. ● 31 October Se Pehle Merit List Jari karna Lazmi hai is lye test Date 15 October Se Pehle Expected Hai (Agar Inter Ka Result Time per aya tu) ● Private Medical Colleges main Admission last year ke tarah hoga (Maximum fees 950,000 Hogi or Wealth Statement/Income Tax Certificate or Insurance lazmi Hai) ● Ye Raha PMDC K Official Notification Ka Link, Main Points Main ne Nikal Lye Hai Baqi Kisi Ko Pora Parhna hai tu Parh le. http://www.pmdc.org.pk/LinkClick.aspx…
MBBS/BDS Admissions 2019 Policy (Now it's Official) ● Candidate must have 70% in Pre-Medical or Equivalent. ● Candidate must have 60% Marks in Entry Test ● Candidate must have 70% Aggregate for MBBS & 60% for BDS ... ● Matric Marks will not be counted in Aggregate for Admission. ● Aggregate Formula (50% Inter + 50% Test)

 NOTE  => Is main Last Year Closing Marks Ke List Nahe Hai (Wo Admission Forms K Sath Website Per Ajaege) => Ye 3 Years Closing Marks Inter based per hai Q K Pehle Srf Inter marks Per Admission Diya Jata tha Lekin Ab Admission Policy Change Ho Chuke Hai.... => Ab Inter or test Marks Mila k Merit banta hai (Means Total 1200 marks Hote Hain 1100 Inter K or 100 Test K)
Private Medical Colleges Closing Aggregate 2018-19 (MBBS/BDS)
Govt Medical Colleges Closing Aggregates for MBBS/BDS (Last three years)
JPMC Admissions 2019  (MSc Physiotherapy)
Breaking News  (MBBS/BDS Admissions 2019)
 Detailed Fee Structure... https://habib.edu.pk/admissio…/student-finance/tuition-fees/ Detailed Eligibility Criteria https://habib.edu.pk/…/hu-admissio…/admission-prerequisites/
 Note : Fee Structure given in the picture is per credit hour.
 ¤ This Test is compulsory for Admission in LLB for any Institute.  ¤ You can't take admission in any Institute without passing this Test.... ¤ Last Date of Forms Submission is 15 June, 2019. ¤ The Test will be conducted on 14th July, 2019. ¤ Entry Test Pattern is given in picture.  Link to Apply Etc.hec.gov.pk
Karachi University Admissions 2019 (MS/MD/Ph.D) Prospectus Link http://www.uok.edu.pk/admissions/2019/absr/pp-pg.pdf Form Link http://www.uok.edu.pk/admissions/2019/absr/etf-pg.pdf


MBBS/BDS Admissions 2019 PMDC Ordinance 2019 K Tahet Mulk Bhar Main Entry Test Ek he Din Karane Ka Faisla, Jis Ko Agle Ijlaas Main Manzoor Karae Janey Ka Imkaan Hai. Entry Test or Admission Schedule PMDC Jari Karegi.
 Forms will be available from 9th June to 3rd July Correction = 5000* Fee per course
 Test Sample paper... https://admissions.iobm.edu.pk/…/Sample-Test-Paper-Update-F…
 Last Date to Apply for BBA/BS-AF/BS-Eco/BS- Social Sci =  28th June, 2019 Last Date to Apply for BSCS & BS Eco & Maths = 24th July, 2019 Sample Papers https://admissions.iba.edu.pk/pastpapers.php Apply Online at https://onlineadmission.iba.edu.pk

 Correction = BSCS & BSSE Required 50* percentage


Aga Khan University Admission (MBBS)
Govt Universities Forms & Test Dates (Expected) ¤ NED  Forms will be available in July/Aug. Test is expected in last 2 weeks of August. ¤ DMC/SMC/KMDC/LMC Forms will be available in Sep/Oct. Test is expected in last week of Oct or 1st week of Nov. ¤ Dawood University Forms will be available in July. Test is expected in August. ¤ DUHS Other Fields  Forms will be available in Nov. Test is expected in last week of Nov. ¤ Karachi University / Federal Urdu University Forms will be available in Nov/Dec.
Govt Medical Colleges (DMC.SMC.KMDC.LMC) Last Year Closing Aggregate
HEC Notification Regarding BA/BSc Programs > BA/BSc (2 Years Programs) Khatam Kar K Iski Jagah Associate Degree Programs Shuru Karne Ka Faisla. > 31 December 2018 K Bad Kye Janey Wale BA/BSc Ke Registration HEC Tasleem Nahe Karega.
 ▪Pakistan Institute of Engineering and Applied Sciences (PIEAS) = 397... ▪National University of Sciences And Technology (NUST) Islamabad = 417 ▪Quaid-i-Azam University = 551-560 ▪Lahore University of Management Sciences (Lums) =  701-750 ▪Comsats Institute of Information Technology = 751-800 ▪University of Engineering & Technology (UET) Lahore = 801-1000 ▪University of Punjab = 801-1000
#JPMC Admissions 2019 for BSc Occupational Therapy


According to PMDC Website "DIDC is Registered & DDC is not registered".
There are vacant seats of BDS in DDC & DIDC for Merit Number upto 4000
 8th Proviosnal Merit list  http://www.jsmu-ae.com/college_allocation.html
Dow BDS Admissions Update
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS & BDS) Admissions 2019 7th Proviosnal Merit list has been announced.  http://www.jsmu-ae.com/college_allocation.html

 Notice for Self Financed Seats
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS & BDS) Admissions 2019 6th Final list has been announced http://www.jsmu-ae.com/college_allocation.html
#JSMU Doctor of Physiotherapy Update 1st Semester classes will commence from 4th March, 2019.
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) Admissions 2019 5th Provisional Merit list has been issued (Hamdard & Baqai Lists are also included) http://www.jsmu-ae.com/college_allocation.html If any candidate has an objection, kindly email (admissions@jsmu.edu.pk) upto 05:00 PM 25th Feb 2019 thereafter no claim will accepted and Final 5th List will be uploaded.
Hamdard Medical College Update (MBBS/BDS) Aese Tulaba Jinho Ne List Main Hamdard Ka Naam Likha tha wo JSMU Ko Mail Kar De K Unho Ne Hamdard MBBS/BDS Main Upgrade Hona Hai Ya Jis College Main Admission Howa Hai Wahe Pe Rehna Hai.
 Chance for those Candidates who failed to get Admission due to less choices in Form (Only for Merit Number upto 2145)
Baqai Medical College Update  Aese Tulaba Jinho Ne List Main Baqai Ka Naam Likha tha wo JSMU Ko Mail Kar De K Unho Ne Baqai MBBS Main Upgrade Hona Hai Ya Jis College Main Admission Howa Hai Wahe Pe Rehna Hai.
Govt Medical Colleges Admissions 2019 (Only for Karachi Candidates) Few Open Merit & Self Finance BDS Seats are available.
#JSMU DPT Update Merit List Link... http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/…/20190216%20Merit%20list%20DPT.pdf
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS & BDS) Admissions 2019 Fourth Final Merit List http://www.jsmu-ae.com/college_allocation.html INSTRUCTIONS FOR UPGRADED CANDIDATES  All those admitted candidates who are up graded to above institution are advised to complete admission process upto 18.02.2019. The transfer of fee to new medical institution is the responsibility of previous college (without any deduction).  INSTRUCTIONS FOR NEW SELECTED CANDIDATES The candidates who are allocated this institution for the first time in the Fourth List have to complete the admission process upto 19-02-2019, failure to do so will remove their name from the admission process.
#JSMU BSN Generic Admissions 2019
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS & BDS) Admissions 2019 Fourth Provisional Merit list has been uploaded on JSMU website.  If any candidate has an objection, kindly email (admissions@jsmu.edu.pk) upto 05:00 PM 14th Feb 2019 thereafter no claim will be accepted.
JSMU DPT Update  Kindly cheek your name, father’s name, CNIC, Matric / o level and intermediate / A level marks in this list given below.  If you have any objection kindly send an email (admissions@jsmu.edu.pk), upto 02:00 PM thursday 14th Feb 2019. There after no objection will be considered. Test Score is also mentioned in list.
SMBBMC Liyari Open Merit Vacant Seats Update List of those Candidates who have Submitted the Admission Fee Draft for 10 Open Merit Seats http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20190212%20SMBBMC%20LYARI%2010%20K… If any candidate has an objection kindly contact personally at Admission cell between 10 AM to 2:00 PM upto 14‐02‐2019 thereafter no claim will be accepted.
#FUUAST BA/BCom/MA (Private) Admissions Update

Private Medical Colleges (MBBS & BDS) Closing Aggregates  (After 3rd Merit list)
Lyari Medical College Vacant Seats Update 

Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) Admissions 2019 3rd Final list has been announced.  http://www.jsmu-ae.com/COLLEGE_allocation.html Notice for Selected Candidates All those admitted candidates who are up graded to above institution are advised to complete admission process upto 11.02.2019. The transfer of fee to new medical institution is the responsibility of previous college (without any deduction). The candidates who are allocated this institution for the first time in the Third List have to complete the admission process upto 12-02-2019, failure to do so will remove their name from the admission process.
Admissions in Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) for Balochistan"s Candidates
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) Admissions 2019 3rd Merit list has been issued  http://www.jsmu-ae.com/COLLEGE_allocation.html
JSMU (Pharm-D) Oreintation Day Update
Message or Twitter per Important Updates Free Hasil Karne K Lye Follow Karey.
Karachi University (Evening) Oreintation Day Update
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) Admissions 2019


 Hamey Bachpan Se Ye Sikhaya Jata Hai K Is Dunya Me Srf 2 Fields Hai (MBBS/Engineering), Lekin Jab Inter K Bad Hamara In Fields Main Admission Nahe Hota tu Phir Hamey Dusri Fields Ka Khyal Ata Hai Jin K Bare Main Hamey Zyada Pata Nahe hota or Na He Koe Khaas Guidance Wala.
Bilawal Medical College Jamshoro (For Boys) Admissions 2019
Bilawal Medical College Jamshoro (For Boys) Main Admissions Bht Jald Shuru Hojaenge. Suna Hai Karachi Walo Ke Seats Bhi Hai.
 Few Seats of BDS Self Finance
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) Jin Bacho Ka 2nd List main Naam Upgrade Howa Hai wo Upgrade Hone Wali University Main Srf Previous Fees Ke Receipt Jama Kara...e Baqi Fees Transfer Ka Kaam Previous College Ka Hai. Agar New College Ke Fees Different Hai tu Wo Phir Apne Hisab Se Charge/Refund Karenge.


Lyari Medical College  (Seats Case Update)
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) Admissions 2019 2nd Merit List (Updated) http://www.jsmu-ae.com/COLLEGE_allocation.html NOTICE  FOR UP GRADED STUDENTS  All those admitted candidates who are up graded to new medical institution are advised to complete admission process upto 28.01.2019. The transfer of fee to new medical institution is the responsibility of previous college (without any deduction).  NOTICE FOR NEW STUDENTS  The candidates who are allocated any institution for the first time in the 2nd list have to complete the admission process upto 29-01-2019, failure to do so will remove their name from the admission process.
 3rd Merit list of Test based Departments and Biotechnology has been announced.  https://fuuast.edu.pk/…/Test-based-Biotech-3rd-list-for-Web…
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS & BDS) Closing Aggregates (After 2nd Merit list)
 (Instructions for those candidates whose names are appeared in Merit List) Procedure of Enrollment Form... 1) Apni KU Portal Wali ID Khole. 2) Us Main INSTRUCTIONS FOR FEE AND EVENING ENROLLMENT FORM per Click karey. 3) Instructions Ka Page Ayega Wahan Neche Enrollment Form ka link Dia Hga, Us per Click karey.  4) Vocuher details ayege wo fill karey, Then next karey ek FILLED Voucher ajaega. 5) Wo Voucher Print karwae or Bank Ja K Pay karey.  6) Phir Dubara ID Khole, Enrollment form per Jaye, Form fill karey. 7) Picture upload karey. Phr next karey then Voucher wala page ajaega. 8.) Jo Voucher Pay kia wo Scan kar k Upload kar de or Submit karey. Form fill hgaya ab Documents k lye Msg/Email ka wait karey. Jab bhi msg/mail ayege ye documents le jane hain. 1) Printed Color Copy of Enrollment Form 2) ORIGINAL MARKSHEET of Last Examination (Non-Refundable) 3) ORIGINAL CHARACTER CERTIFICATE from the head of last Institute (Non-Refundable)  4) ORIGINAL & ONE PHOTOCOPY of CNIC (Parents' CNIC if the candidate is below 18 years) 5) ORIGINAL & ONE ATTESTED PHOTOCOPY of Certificate of S.S.C./Matric, H.S.C./Intermediate, A/O Level. 6)Three (3) recent photographs (1x1.5 inch) on a white background 7) Affidavit (Link for Sample https://www.facebook.com/…/a.620855231379…/1510021482462366/)
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS)  Second merit list has been announced.  http://www.jsmu-ae.com/COLLEGE_allocation.html
Karachi University Update
Karachi University (Evening) Self Financed Admissions 2019
 Instructions for those candidates whose names are appeared in Merit List. They can submit Enrollment Form from 21st... January to 27th January, 2019.


Lyari Medical College Update
Like this Page to get only KU Updates  www.facebook.com/KU.Updates.EIK
 ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA  > Intermediate Pre-Medical passed with 60%... > Domicile of Sindh FEE STRUCTURE = 50,000 per semester  Number of SEATS = 50 ADMISSION CRITERIA  Admissions will be given on the basis of Aggregate  Aggregate Formula = Matric (10%) + Inter (40%) + Test (50%) ADMISSION PROCEDURE  1) Is Link Per Jaye (http://www.jsmu-ae.com/Admissionformdpt/) 2) Form Fill karey, Ek Filled Form Ayege wo Print Karwae. 3) Voucher Print Karwae or Bank Main Pay Kar de. (Voucher Link : http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20190114%20fee%20voucher%20Process…) 4) Printed Form, Vocuher or Documents Form per Dye Gaye Address per TCS kar de
 Check your Result here http://nts.org.pk/Test&Pro…/…/0119/UOK_130119_Res/Search.php
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) 2nd Merit List will be uploaded on 21st January, 2019.
Karachi University Oreintation & Yome-e-Jamia Update
 ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA  > Intermediate Pre-Medical passed with 60% > Domicile of Sindh FEE STRUCTURE = 50,000 per semester 
JSMU Admissions 2019-20  (BS Nursing - Generic)  ELIGIBILTIY CRITERIA  > Intermediate (Pre-Medical) passed with 50%... > Domicile of Sindh FEE STRUCTURE Admission Fee = 20,000 Semester Fee = 40,000 per semester  PROCEDURE TO APPLY  1) Download Application form & Fee Voucher from the links given below. 2) Pay Voucher in Bank. 3) Fill Application Form & Send it to given address of JSMU with required documents (through TCS). Link for Voucher http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20190116%20fee%20voucher%20Process… Last Date to apply = 30th January, 2019
JSMU Admissions 2019-20 (BS Nursing Generic)
 Liaquat National (BS Clinical Laboratory Sciences) Last Date = 19th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.6468473354644…/1180105638805255 JSMU (BBA/MBA/MS) Last Date = 21st January, 2019 Test Date = 27th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1182614431887709/ MAJU (BBA/BS) Last Date = 25th January, 2019 Test Date = 27th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1191099577705861/ BSc/BCom/BA (In Govt Colleges) Last Date = 28th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1185180581631094/ Ziauddin University (BEMS) Last Date = 22nd February, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1191107494371736/
Ziauddin University Admissions 2019  (BEMS) Last date = 22-02-2019 Fee Structure = 40,000 per semester



SMBBMC Lyari NOTICE for Interior Sindh Candidates
 Last Date of Forms Submission = 21st January 2019
Karachi University Documents Submission Update  (Morning New Students) Daily Apna EMAIL Check Karte Rahe Q K KU Ne Documents Submission K Lye Email Karna Shuru Kar Diya Hai.  Kuch Departments Ko Kal Bulaya tha Kuch Ko 14 Ko Bulaya Hai or Baqio Ko Bhi In Dino Main Bula lenge. Ye Documents Tayar Rakhe. 1) Printed Color Copy of Enrollment Form 2) ORIGINAL MARKSHEET of Last Examination (Non-Refundable) 3) ORIGINAL CHARACTER CERTIFICATE from the head of last Institute (Non-Refundable)  4) ORIGINAL & ONE PHOTOCOPY of CNIC (Parents' CNIC if the candidate is below 18 years) 5) ORIGINAL & ONE ATTESTED PHOTOCOPY of Certificate of S.S.C./Matric, H.S.C./Intermediate, A/O Level. 6)Three (3) recent photographs (1x1.5 inch) on a white background 7) Affidavit (Link for Sample https://www.facebook.com/…/a.620855231379…/1510021482462366/)
Notice for Govt Medical Colleges Candidates  (Merit Number upto 1500) There are some vacant seats, If you are interested then submityhe required draft before 16-01-2019 (fees refundable if admission is not offered)  1. Few seats of BDS (Self Finance) at DUHS, JSMU, KMDC. 2. Two reciprocal seats from Karachi to Bolan Medical College.  3. One Open Merit Seat (Rest of Karachi) in SMBBMCL
Karachi University Enrollment Update 
Karachi University Enrollment Card Update Jin Bacho Ne Enrollment or Fees Jama Kara De Hai wo 11 January Se Karachi University Se Apna Admit Card Hasil Kar Sakte Hain. Department wise Schedule bht Jald Website per Update Kar Dia Jayega.


Dow Oreintation Day Update  > Doctor of Physiotherapy > BS Occupational therapy  > BS Orhto Prosthetics  > BS Nursing  > Post RN
BBSUL Admissions 2019 (Evening)


BSc/BA/BCom Admissions 2019 (In Govt Colleges affiliated with Karachi University)
Govt Colleges List for BSc/BCom/BA (Affiliated with University of Karachi)
 Selected & Waiting List Candidates for OPEN MERIT (Karachi) http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/Pharm-d%20(Karachi)%20Open%20Merit… Selected & Waiting List Candidates for SELF FINANCED (Karachi) http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/Pharm-d%20(Karachi)%20Self%20Finan… Selected & Waiting List Candidates for SELF FINANCED (Interior Sindh) http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/Pharm-d%20(Interior%20of%20Sindh)%… Selected Candidates submit original documents and tuition fee package from (7th to 10th January 2019)
Private Medical Collees (MBBS/BDS) Admission 2019
UNIVERSITIES in which ADMISSIONS are OPEN NOW <><><><><><><><><><> PAF-KIET (BE/BS/BBA) Last Date = 05th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175610899254729/ Bahria University (BS) Last Date = 08th January, 2019 Test Date = 12th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175606619255157/ UMDC (DPT) Last Date = 11th January, 2019 Test Date = 13th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175634945918991/ SZABIST (BS) Last Date = 11th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1155882674560885/ JSMU (BBA/MBA/MS) Last Date = 14th January, 2019 Test Date = 20th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1182614431887709/ Liaquat National (BS Clinical Laboratory Sciences) Last Date = 19th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.6468473354644…/1180105638805255 Barrett Hodgson (Pharm-D/BS/BBA/BE) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175631652585987/

Private Medical Colleges Closing Aggregates (MBBS/BDS)
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS) Admissions 2019 Final Merit List has been announced. Check your college Name in List http://www.jsmu-ae.com/COLLEGE_allocation.html

BSc/BCom/BA Admissions 2019 (In Govt Colleges Affiliated with Karachi University) Issuance of Forms = 07 January, 2019 Last Date of Forms Submission = 28 January, 2019
#DUHS Oreintation Day Update  (Dental hygienist & Dental Technology)

SZABL Admissions Update

JSMU Notice for Interior Sindh Candidates
JSMU Admissions 2019  (BBA/MBA/MS) FEE STRUCTURE BBA = 40,000 per semester MBA = 40,000 per semester MS = 60,000 per semester Application Form Link http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181231%20IOHBMSS%20Form%202019.p… Fee Voucher Link http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181231%20fee%20voucher%20Process… Prospectus Link http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20190102%20IOHBMSS%20Booklet%20201…
 Open Merit Admission Forms Jama Karane Ke tareekh Main Tausee Kar De gae hai. 04 January Se 11 January Tak Forms Jama Kara Sakte hain. Iske Elawa Morning K wo bachay Bhi Apni Enrollment Fee or Form 4 jan Se 11 jan tak jama Kara Sakte hain Jinka Merit List main naam aya tha or abhi tak fees jama nahe karae hai.
Dow IMT Oreintation Day Update 

Karachi University Oreintation Day Update  (New Dates)  
NUMS Provisional First Merit List of Private Sector Medical/Dental Colleges http://numspak.edu.pk/merit_positions.php
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS)  JSMU has announced another FINAL MERIT LIST 😂 http://www.jsmu-ae.com/PRIVATE_MERIT_final/
Karachi University Self Financed Admissions  (List of Selected Candidates) 
Liaquat National Admissions 2019 (BS Clinical Laboratory Sciences)
BBSUL Merit List has been announced.  Link https://bbsul.edu.pk/admission/ Selected students must complete their admission process submit (Affidavit RS.50, Original Intermediate Mark sheet, for Master Program Original Transcript, one passport size picture) and pay admission fees by collecting fee vouchers from Admission Department. Deadline for fee submission is 4th January 2019

 Invitation Mail/Message Abhi Tak Kisi Ko Bhi Nahe Aya Hai or Na He Koe Date De Howe Hai. Uske Bare Main Be Fikar Hojae Agar Apke Form Main Uper Status Main "YOUR FORM HAS BEEN COMPLETED NOW" likha howa aya he tu Apka Form Submit Ho Chuka Hai.
 Final Merit List Karachi Candidates  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181226%20Final%20merit%20Karachi… Interior Sindh Candidates  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181226%20Final%20merit%20Interio…
UNIVERSITIES in which ADMISSIONS are OPEN Now <><><><><><><><><><><><> Jinnah University for Women (Pharm-D/BS/BA/BBA/BEMS/MSc/MA) Last Date = 25th December, 2018 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175602259255593/ ISRA University (BE/DPT/BS/BBA) Last Date = 28th December, 2018 Test Date = 29th December, 2018 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175626065919879/ BCS in Govt Colleges  Last Date = 29th December, 2018 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1155876087894877/ SZABIST (BS) Last Date = 11th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1155882674560885/ Bahria Medical College (DPT/BS-MT) Last Date = 02nd January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1137686433047176/ IQRA University (DPT/BE/BS/B.Ed) Last Date = 03rd January, 2019 Test Date = 06th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175604122588740/ PAF-KIET (BE/BS/BBA) Last Date = 05th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175610899254729/ Bahria University (BS) Last Date = 08th January, 2019 Test Date = 12th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175606619255157/ UMDC (DPT) Last Date = 11th January, 2019 Test Date = 13th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175634945918991/ Barrett Hodgson (Pharm-D/BS/BBA/BE) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1175631652585987/

UMDC (DPT) Admissions 2019
Barrett Hodgson University Karachi Admissions 2019 (Pharm-D/BS/BBA/BE)
ISRA University Admissions 2019 (BE/DPT/BS/BBA)
#DUHS Admissions 2019 (BBA/MBA)


IQRA University Admissions 2019 (DPT/BE/BS/B.Ed)
Jinnah University for Women Admissions 2019 (Pharm-D/BS/BA/BBA/BEMS/MSc/MA)
Dow Oreintation Day Update for Doctor of Pharmacy Students
 Admission Forms Submission Date is extended upto 28th December, 2018.
 Kuch Confusions K jawabat 1) Voucher per 2 Cheze De hwe hai ... Admission Fee & Enrollment fee (Apko Srif Admission fee pay Karni hai or Jo Enrollment fee k sth likha hai wo fee nh h wo CODE hai) 2) Employment wala blank Ap Chor Sakte hain. 3) Voucher pay karne k bad Attachments Main upload karna hai Uske bad BACK TO FORM per click karey, Bs phr Kch nh karey or Invitation message ya EMAIL ka waite. 4) baqi Documents abhi nahe jama karane hai Jab Invitation msg ya mail ayege phr Uni ja k SUbmit krne hain. 5) Invitation Mail ya Msg 24 Dec K bad expected hai.
 1) Apni ID Khole, Samne ENROLLMENT FORM ka Link Hoga, Us Per CLICK Karey. 2) Form Ayega wo Fill Kare Apni Picture Upload Karey, then SAVE per Click Kare. 3) Next Page Me Form Ayega, Ek bar Check Karey Agr Sahe he tu SUBMIT kar de. 4) Form SUBMIT Hojaega, FILLED Form Ayega Uske Uper LEFT SIDE per GO TO SLIP Ka Option Hoga wo Download Karey, Bank Main fees pay kare or Phr SCAN Kar K ATTACHMENT Wale Option Main Upload Kar de. 5) Fees Slip Upload Karne K bad Jab Apko INVITATION EMAIL ya MSG Mil Jae tu Phr KU Ja K Documents Jama Kara de.
Dow University (BS & DPT) Final Merit List <><><><><><><><><><><><><> BS Nutrition http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/BS%20Nutrition%202018-19-20181218.… BS Biotechnology http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/BS%20Biotechnology%202018-19-20181… Radiology http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/BS%20Radiology%202018-19-20181218.… BS Nursing (Male) http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/Generic%20Male%202018-19-20181218.… BS Nursing (Female) http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/Generic%20Female%202018-19-2018121… DCHT http://www.duhs.edu.pk/news/DCHT%202018-19-20181218.pdf INTERVIEW NOTICE for Selected Candidates  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/Attention-%20IMT-IPM&R-AAS-Candida…
Karachi University Self Finance/Donor Seats Admissions 2019 <><><><><><><><><><><><><><> > Neche Link Main Jo fees De hwe hai Wo Srif Abhi Pay Karni Hai, Uske Bad PER SEMESTER Baqi Reguler Students Wali fee Hogi. For Example :- Pharm-D per Semester fee Regular Candidates Ke 29700 hai Apki Bhi Yahe Hogi. > Jo DONOR FEE Hai Wo Pay Order K Zarye Pay Karni hai, Kisi Bhi BANK Se Pay Order Banwa le or Phir Documents main Scan Kar k Upload Kar De. > TEST BASED DEPARTMENTS Main APply Karne K Lye TEST pass Hona Lazmi hai. PROCEDURE TO APPLY Apni ID Khole, Left Side Per ACTIVE ADMISSIONS CALLS per Click Karey Wahan Pe SELF FINANCE Ka Form hoga, Us Per Click Karey or Baqi Wahe Purana Procedure hai. FEE STRUCTURE https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1509280779203103/ SEATS DISTRIBUTION https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1509282759202905
JPMC (DPT) List of Selected Candidates
Federal Urdu University Update
#KMDC Orientation Day Update
KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2019 (Evening) (Bachelors/Masters/Certificate Courses) <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>


Dow Other Fields Update for Interview  <><><><><><><><><><> FEE STRUCTURE  ============= DPT (Merit) with Transport = 158,180  DPT (Merit) without Transport = 143,180 DPT (S.F) with Transport = 227,073 DPT (S.F) without Transport = 211,323 BS Fields with Transport = 149,710 BS Fields without Transport = 134,710
#DUHS DPT & BS Fields Notice Dow Wale Fast Hogaye, Interview Ke Date Announce Kar de. (19 December-2018) > DPT OPEN MERIT (MERIT NOs. 01 TILL 50) ... > DPT SELF FINANCE (MERIT NOs. 51 TILL 100) > BS Biotechnology (MERIT NOs. 01 TILL 110) > BS Radiology (MERIT NOs. 01 TILL 25) > BS Nutrition (MERIT NOs. 01 TILL 35) > Post RN Bsc. Nursing (MERIT NOs. 01 TILL 42) > BS Nursing Generic (MERIT NOs. Male 01 TILL 05) > BS Nursing Generic (MERIT NOs. Female 01 TILL 50) > Allied Health Sciences (MERIT NOs. 01 TILL 315) > DCHT (MERIT NOs. 01 TILL 237)
Karachi University Admissions 2019 (MORNING) (List of Selected Candidates & CLosing Percentages) <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><> <><><><><><><><><><><><><><> LIST OF SELECTED CANDIDATES <><><><><><><><><><><><><><> Test Based Bachelors Prorgams  https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… Open Merit Bachelors Prorgams  https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… Test Based Masters Prorgams https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… Open Merit Masters Prorgams  https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… Test Based Bachelors Programs https://www.facebook.com/…/pcb.1507936716…/1507936109337570/ Open Merit Bachelors Programs https://www.facebook.com/…/pcb.1507936716…/1507936136004234/ Open Merit Masters Prorgams https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1507963192668195 Test Based Masters Prorgams https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1507951069336074
 List of Selected Candidates (Pharm-D & DPT)
 List of Selected Candidates (Bachelor Test Based Prorgams)
 List of Selected Candidates (Bachelor Open Merit Prorgams)
 > Test Based Bachelor Programs > Merit Based Bachelor Programs > Visual Studies 


#DUHS DPT & BS FIELDS ADMISSIONS 2018-19 Intiial Merit list has been issued. (Check your Merit Number and Comment below with field and aggregate) BS Nutrition http://www.duhs.edu.pk/BSNutrition-2018 BS Biotechnology  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/biotech-2018/ BS Radiology http://www.duhs.edu.pk/BSRadiology-2018 BS Nursing  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/BSNursing-2018 DCHT http://www.duhs.edu.pk/DCHT-2018
#DUHS DPT & BS fields Admissions 2018-19
Sindh Private Medical Colleges Admissions (MBBS/BDS) For Sindh Candidates ... http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/Private%20Data%20Sindh%20Province.… For Other Provinces Candidates  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/Private%20Data%20Other%20Then%20%2…
 Reason = Other Provinces K Candidates Zyada Hai or Sindh and Other Provinces K Taleem Ka Difference Sab Ko Pata Haim
#UMDC (DPT) Admissions 2019
 Bachelors/Masters/Diploma Porgrams/ Certificate Courses
Private Medical Colleges (MBBS/BDS)  Merit List http://jsmu-ae.com/private_merit/


#DUHS DPT & BS Result
#DUHS DPT & BS Fields Admissions Aggregate Formula Wahe hai Jo MBBS K lye hota hai.
Dow BS Nursing Entry Test Result


Dow BS Radiology Entry Test Result
Finally #DUHS DPT& BS Entry Test Result has been announced.  BS Nutrition Result  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/FINAL%20RESULT%20-%20ENTRY%20TEST%… BS Nursing Result  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/FINAL%20RESULT%20-%20ENTRY%20TEST%…
Private Medical Colleges Admissions Update (MBBS/BDS) <><><><><><><><><><><><> Merit list will be issued within next 2 days. Medical Colleges (MBBS) = 12 Dental Colleges (BDS) = 10 MBBS Seats = 1200 BDS Seats = 450 Total Candidates = 7972  Candidates from Sindh = 4579 Candidates from other Provinces = 3393
Sindh Private Medical Colleges Update (Verification Data List) Candidates of Sindh http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181213%20Private%20Data%20Sindh%… Candidates of Other Provinces  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181213%20Private%20Data%20Other%… NOTE Candidates are advised to examine and verify the Matric / O’ Level, HSC / A’ Level and Entry Test marks. If there is any claim kindly E.mail (admissions@jsmu.edu.pk) or contact on telephone no. 021-99205185, Ext: 1209 upto 02:00 PM 15-12-2018. After above date and time no claim will be acceptable latter on initial merit list uploaded.
 Karachi Candidates  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181213%20Initial%20merit%20Karac… Interior Sindh Candidates  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181213%20Initial%20merit%20Inter…
UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS OPEN <><><><><><><><><><><> BBSUL (Pharm-D/BBA/BS/BA)  Last Date = 12 December, 2018... https://www.facebook.com/…/a.646847335464…/1160172294131923/ IQRA University (BE/BS) Last Date = 14thDecember, 2018 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1166136730202146/ BAQAI Medical University (Pharm-D/DPT/BS) Last Date = 15th December, 2018 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1155895161226303/ MAJU (BE/BS) Last Date = 21st December, 2018 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1166134640202355/ BCS in Govt Colleges  Last Date = 29th December, 2018 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1155876087894877/ SZABIST (BS) Last Date = 11th January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1155882674560885/ Bahria Medical College (DPT/BS-MT) Last Date = 02nd January, 2019 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1137686433047176/



 FEE STRUCTURE https://www.jinnah.edu/fee-structure/
 Apply Online https://admission.zu.edu.pk

For Bahria Medical College And KIMS, Malir. Apply through NUMS  Link http://pvtopenadmission.numspak.edu.pk:81/…/candidate_login…

#JSMU Pharm-D Update Karachi Candidates ... http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181209%20Domicile%20of%20Karachi… Interior Sindh Candidates  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181209%20Domicile%20of%20Inteior… Candidates are advised to examine and verify the Matric / O’ Level, HSC/A’ Level and Entry Test marks.  If there is any claim kindly E.mail (admissions@jsmu.edu.pk) or contact on telephone no. 021‐99204776, Ext: 1209 upto 2:00 PM 11‐12 2018.  After above date and time no claim will be acceptable
#JSMU BDS Merit List  (For Interior Sindh Candidates) http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181209%20SIOHS%20(BDS)%20Verific…
 Bachelors/DPT/Pharm-D Result http://www.uok.edu.pk/admissions/2019/etbr-bach.pdf Masters http://www.uok.edu.pk/admissions/2019/etbr-mas.pdf

 2) Dow University (DPT/BS) Result? A :- Mostly Test K Bad 10 se 15 Din Main Ata Hai So In 3/4 Dino Main Expected Hai.

BBSUL Admissions 2019  (Pharm-D/BS/BBA/BA)
 Test Score http://uok.edu.pk/admissions/2019/dtres-vs.pdf List of Candidates for Interview http://uok.edu.pk/admissions/2019/intlist-vs.pdf
#DUHS Admissions 2019  (BBA & MBA) <><><><><><><><><><><> Last Date of application form Submission = 24th December, 2018 Entry Test Date = 06th January, 2019

 Link for Admit Card Uokadmission.edu.pk/admission/morning/bachelor/admit-card Link for NTS Slip  Bachelors Candidates http://www.nts.org.pk/…/UniOfKarachiBS_28Nov18_FL/Search.php Masters Candidates http://www.nts.org.pk/…/UniOfKarachiMS_28Nov18_FL/Search.php) TEST TIME  For BS/BA/DPT/Pharm-D = 8 A.M For Masters Programs = 11 A.M PASSING MARKS 50% for (BSCS/BSSE/DPT/Pharm-D/BE-CE)  40% for All other Programs (BS/MS) 
 Notice for Merit Number 1500 to 2000 (If interested in DDC & DIDC)
Karachi University Admit Cards Update  1) Ek Admit Card is link per aya he jo k Test K Lye Compulsory Hai ... (Uokadmission.edu.pk/admission/morning/bachelor/admit-card)  Agar Kisi Ka Admit Card Yahan pe Show Nahe Ho Raha hai tu Apna Form Khole Wahan Right Side Per ADMIT CARD Ka Option Hoga. 2) NTS Slip  Ehtiat K Lye Iska Print Bhi Le Jaye Bachelors wale is link se download karey (http://www.nts.org.pk/…/UniOfKarachiBS_28Nov18_FL/Search.php) Or Masters Wale Is Link Se (http://www.nts.org.pk/…/UniOfKarachiMS_28Nov18_FL/Search.php)
 #DUHS Open Merit = 60... Self Finance (Morning) = 40 Self Finance (Evening) = 50 FEE STRUCTURE Open Merit = 128865 per year Self Finance = 260,150 per year Self Finance (Karachi Domicile) = 21 Self Finance (Interior Domicile) = 09 FEE STRUCTURE Open Merit = 106,480 per year Self Finance = 224,818 per year

 Reciprocal Seats allocation  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181128%20Reciprocal%20final%20li…
Karachi University Admit Cards Update (Test Based Departments) Download your Admit Card from this link https://www.uokadmission.edu.pk/…/morni…/bachelor/admit-card
 Check your Roll Number & Centre on the links given below For Bachelors Programs http://www.nts.org.pk/…/UniOfKarachiBS_28Nov18_FL/Search.php For Masters Programs  http://www.nts.org.pk/…/UniOfKarachiMS_28Nov18_FL/Search.php
Private admissions update
According to PMDC Website  Dow Dental College (DDC) is not recognized. http://www.pmdc.org.pk/RECOGNIZEDDENTALCOLLE…/…/Default.aspx So confirm it before taking admission in DDC.

 (If you are interested in DDC & DIDC)
 Those Candidates who have already submitted the application form they can now submit wealth statement as a short documents with clearly mentioning Name, Fathers name, CNIC no. and Application no.
 (Frequently Asked Questions regarding Documents/Insurance Certificate/Wealth Ceritifctae/NUMS Test Eligibility)
BAQAI Medical University Admissions 2019
#NUMS Private Admissions 2019 For those who are applying in Bahria Medical & Dental College and KIMS, Malir  http://numspak.edu.pk/…/admission-in-private-sector-medical…
SZABIST Spring Admissions 2019 • BS Biosciences • BS Biotechnology Fee Structure... 87,000 per semester Apply Online http://admissions.szabist.edu.pk/Index.aspx Last Date = 11th January, 2019 Test Date = 14th January, 2019

SIUT Admissions 2019 (BS Medical Technology) ================== ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA > Intermediate (Pre-medical) Passed with 60% > Sindh Domicile > Age = 22 Years (Maximum)  FEE STRUCTURE  Koe Fees Nahe Hai. Just Starting Main 50,000 dene parenge jo k bad me wapis kye jaenge. 4 years ke study free he lekin 4 years k bad 3/4 saal kam karna parega uske bad degree milegi.
 Last Date of application = 10th December, 2018 Entry Test Date = 22nd December, 2018
#DUHS DPT/BS Test 2019 ><><><><><><><><><><>< TEST PATTERN Physics = 30, Chemistry = 30, Biology = 30, English 10 - There is no negative marking.  - Calculator is not allowed.
 Take a print of your Admit Card from the link given below https://www.uokadmission.edu.pk/login
 KMDC (Merit MBBS) 782 per close hgaya. Dow (Merit MBBS or Self MBBS) dono ke seats khtm ho chuke hai. JSMU (Merit MBBS) ke seats khtm Self ka nh pta. Baqi Jo Aj interview k lye gaye the wo apna experience comment karey.
Sindh Private Colleges Update  (Regarding Wealth Statement)  Student have to submit either FBR certificate in case your father/guardian isn't tax paid OR bank guarantee(statement) with application form.  Further wealth will be required at the time of admission in the college.
Karachi University Admit Cards Update <><><><><><><><><><>
 > BS Diagnostic Radiology > BS Critical Care Science... > BS Operation Theater Sciences > BS Dialysis Technology Fee Structure Around 60,000 per semester Application forms will be available from 26th November to 22nd December, 2018.



 Jese Baqi Forms Ka Procedure hai, Wese he Resvred Seat Ka Procedure Hai. ID Khole, Resrved Seat Form Ka Bank Voucher Nikaley or Phir Reserved FORM Fill Karey.
Karachi University Admissions 2019 (Morning) (Merit Based Bachelors/Masters Programs) <><><><><><><><><><><><><><>







 Forms and Prospectus will be available from tomorrow on JSMU Website. Required Docuemnts ... 1) Matric Marksheet & Certificate  2) Inter Marksheet & Certificate  3) Candidate's CNIC/Bform 4) Candidate's Domicile 5) Father's CNIC 6) Wealth Statement of Father/Guardian, Equivalent Ceritificate to ensure the payment of the fees for the remaining duration of course.
 Interview Notice For Merit Number 1 to Merit Number 1200 for Admission in Dow Medical College (DUHS) Sindh Medical College (JSMU)... KMDC Lyari Medical College (SMBBMCL) Note :- Candidates are invited on the basis of FINAL MERIT LIST which will be announced on 19th November.
 Forms will be available from 17th November to 27th November.
 Agar New Criteria Apply Howa tu Merit Seats Barh Jaege.... DMC = 240 SMC = 231 KMDC = 212
 Expected Merit DMC MBBS = 86.90+ SMC MBBS = 84+
 DMC Merit MBBS = 259... SMC Merit MBBS = 535 DMC Self MBBS = 600 SMC Self MBBS = 712 DMC Merit BDS = 1100+ SMC Merit BDS = 1200+ KMDC Merit MBBS = 703 KMDC Self MBBS = 912 KMDC Merit BDS = 768 KMDC Self BDS = 1351-1385
 Initial Merit list has been announced.  http://www.jsmu-ae.com/Initial_Merit.html





 Fee Structure https://www.jinnah.edu/fee-structure/ Online Application Link https://www.jinnah.edu/apply-online/
 Fee Structure... http://admissions.pafkiet.edu.pk/general-fee-structure-det…/

 JSMU has extended the last date of submission of SHORT DOCUMENTS.

#NUMS Entry Test  List of Candidates  (Roll Number & Centre List) http://www.nts.org.pk/…/Li…/112018/NUMS_181118_FL/Search.php
 Dow University (DPT/BS) https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1138586402957179&id=569308973218261
#Karachi_University Admissions Problems 2) Mobile Pe Last Step Main SUBMIT Ka Option Show Nahe Hota Hai. (Documents Upload Karne K Bad Jab BACK TO FORM per Click Karte Hain tu FILLED Form Ajata Hai, Uske Right Side Per SUBMIT Ka Option Hota hai wo Click Karne K Bad Form Submit Hojata Hai or Ye Option Jo Hai MOBILE main Show Nahe hota hai)

 Paid Voucher slip... Paid NTS Slip  Candidate's CNIC (Both Sides) Father CNIC (Both Sides) Mother CNIC (Both Sides) Matric Marlsheet First Year Marksheet  Second Year Marksheet

KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2019  Bachelors/Masters Test Based Programs (Morning) Doctor of Pharmacy (Morning & Evening) Doctor of Physiotherapy (Morning) Visual Studies (Morning)...
Private Medical Colleges Admissions Update (MBBS/BDS) Medical Colleges (MBBS) = 12 Dental Colleges (BDS) = 10... MBBS Seats = 1200 BDS Seats = 450
 Entry Test Based Programs (Morning) for DAE Students (With Last 3 Years Closing Percentages)
 Entry Test Based Programs (Morning) for Humanities/Arts Students (With Last 3 Years Closing Percentages)
 Entry Test Based Programs (Morning) for Commerce Students (With Last 3 Years Closing Percentages)
 Entry Test Based Programs (Morning) for Computer Science Students (With Last 3 Years Closing Percentages)
 Entry Test Based Programs (Morning) for PRE-MEDICAL Students (With Last 3 Years Closing Percentages)
 Entry Test Based Programs (Morning) for PRE-ENGINEERING Students (With Last 3 Years Closing Percentages)


 DONOR SEATS DETAILS
 RESEVRED SEATS FOR Provinceof Sindh (Other than Karachi) Balouchistan... FATA Northern Areas  AJK Children of Armed Forces Childern of Advocates

 Doctor of Pharmacy (Morning/Evening)  Doctor of Physiotherapy... Visual Studies Test Based Bachelors Programs (Morning)
 Doctor of Pharmacy (Morning/Evening)  Doctor of Physiotherapy... Visual Studies Test Based Bachelors Programs (Morning)

Karachi University Admissions 2018-19 (Test Based Bachelors & Masters Programs) 

 NTS has announced the result of Entry Test. http://www.nts.org.pk/…/102018/SMC_28Oct18_Result/Search.php
Correction* = Prosthetics & Orthotics required 60% for Pre-Medical Students.
DOW UNIVERSITY OF HEALTH SCIENCES ADMISSIONS 2018-19  (ALLIED HEALTH SCIENCES) ==================== ADMISSION CRITERIA... Admissions are given on the basis of Aggregate (10% Matric + 40% Inter + 50% Inter) FEE STRUCTURE Doctor of Physiotherapy = 102,487 per year All BS Fields = 93000 per year PROCEDURE to APPLY You have to submit 2 forms 1) Online Form (http://www.duhs.edu.pk/allied2018/) 2) Application Form (Download Application form from the links given below, Print out the form, Fill the form and submit it with required documents and Paid Fee Voucher of 2000 in UBL Bank (Baba-e-Urdu Road Branch, Karachi). Application Form Link for BS Nutrition http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/BS%20Butrition-20181028.pdf Application Form Link for BS Medical Technology Fields http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/BS%20IMT-20181028.pdf Application Form Link for BS Nursing http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/BS%20Nursing-20181028.pdf Application Form Link for BS Biotechnology  http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/form-BS%20Biotechnology-20181028.p… Application Form Link for BS Radiology http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/Radiology-20181028.pdf Application Form Link for Technician Courses http://www.duhs.edu.pk/download/DCHT-20181028.pdf Note :- You can apply in only 1 field. Eligibility Criteria is given in the picture.  Correction* = Prosthetics & Orthotics required 60% for Pre-Medical Students.
DUHS & JSMU (Pharm-D) Update Admission will be given on the basis of NTS (MBBS) Test.
 Total Candidates = 25800 Karachi Candidates = 8500... Hyderabad Candidates = 7500 Larkana Candidates = 3000 Nawabshah Candidates = 1500 Sukkur Candidates = 3000
 Candidate's Data Verification List (Only Karachi District)  http://www.jsmu-ae.com/eligiblity.html Just Check karna hai, Agar Apki Information wrong de howe he tu JSMU Ja K Objection Form Fill Karey.



 One of the easiest paper of NTS history. The merit is going to be very high this year.
BAHRIA UNIVERSITY Admissions 2018-19 Doctor of Physical Therapy  BS Medical Laboratory Technology Eligibility Criteria:  Doctor of Physiotherapy = FSc (Pre-Medical) passed with 60% BS Medical Laboratory Technology = FSc (Pre-Medical) passed with 50% Fee Structure:  Doctor of Physical Therapy = 104,940 per semester BS Medical Laboratory Technology = 72,000 per semester  Application Procedure:  Go to this link https://bahria.edu.pk follow the instructions and fill online form. Admissions Processing Fee = 2000 Last Date to Apply = 02 January, 2019. Entry test Date = 05 January, 2019.

 DPT BS occupational therapy  BS Prosthetics and Orthotics... BS Medical Technology  BS Nursing  BS Radiology BS Nutrition  BS Biotechnology  1 year Technician Courses  

 Don't forget to bring these things for Test  1) Admit Card (Agar Apko Admit Card Nahe Mila tu NTS website se Apne Roll Number Ke Slip Print Karwale)... 2) Original CNIC or Bform (Agar Ap Bform Le Ja Rahe Hain tu Apne Sath Original Matric Ceritificate & Inter Marksheet Le Jae) 3) Ball Pen/ Pencil There will be negative marking of 0.25 marks on each wrong MCQ. (MCQ khali chorne per koe mark nahe katega, Galat karne per 0.25 marks katenge means 4 mcqs galat karne per pora 1 mark katega)  Test k Doran 2 chezo ka khyal rakhe 1) Pehle Srf wo MCQs karey Jo Apko Atey Ho,  Phir apna aggregate calculate karey, Agar Safe Score kia h tu phr Baqi Na karey or Agar Apko Lagta hai K Safe Score Nahe h tu phr Akkar Bakkar Bombaybo 😃

 ADVERTISEMENT https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/1134250696724083 ADMISSION CRITERIA Test Based Departments = In these Departments, Admissions will be given on the basis of Intermediate percentage after passing Entry Test. Pharm-D, Computer Science, Microbiology, Chemistry, Biochemistry, BBA are Test Based  Departments. FIELDS WITH CLOSING PERCENTAGES For Pre-Medical Students https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1134254013390418/ FEE STRUCTURE https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/1133317893484030 ENTRY TEST PATTERN Pre-Medical Group = English, Chemistry, Biology, Physics Pre-Engineering Group = English, Chemistry, Mathematics, Physics. COmputer Science Group = English, Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science Other Groups = English, Economics, Mathematics, Islamic Studies PROCEDURE FOR ADMISSION IN GULSHAN CAMPUS There are two ways to Apply  1) Online If you want to apply Online, Go to this link (https://fuuast.edu.pk/admission/login) Fill the application form and then print out  2 copies of application and submit it in Askari bank (Gulshan-e-Iqbal Branch) with REQUIRED Documents & 1000 Processing Fee Voucher. 2) Manual  If you don't have Internet Facility you can get Application form from Askari bank (Gulshan-e-Iqbal Branch)  Fill the application form and submit it with all documents in the same Bank. FOR ADMISSION IN ABDUL HAQ CAMPUS There are two ways to Apply  1) Online If you want to apply Online, Go to this link (https://fuuast.edu.pk/admission/login) Fill the application form and then print out  2 copies of application, pay 1000 Fee in Askari bank (Bohrapir Branch) and then submit Application form with REQUIRED Documents & 1000 Processing Paid Fee Voucher in the relevant department of Abdul haq Campus. 2) Manual  If you don't have Internet Facility you can get Application form from Askari bank (Bohrapir Branch) Fill the application form and submit it with all documents in the relevant department of Abdul haq Campus. For Entry Test Based Department, Additional fees of rs 1000/- must must be paid at bank and fee voucher must be attached with application form.








 Computer Science BS Mathematics  Last Date of Forms Submission = 15th November, 2018 Entry Test Date = 25th November, 2018
 > Test NTS K Zarye Lia Jaega. > Passing Marks = 40 > Visual Studies Main Admission K Lye Test K Bad Interview Bhi lia jaega.... > Microbiology, Mathematics, Public Administration or Economics Departments Open Merit Per Kar Dye Gaye Hain. > Applied Chemistry Test Based Kar Diya Gaya Hai. > Admissions Ka Aghaz Novemeber K 2nd Week Se Hoga.
#MedicalEntryTest Update List of Candidates  http://www.nts.org.pk/…/Li…/102018/SMC_28Oct18_FL/Search.php Check your Roll Number & Centre on the link given above.
#MedicalEntryTest Update
#MedicalEntryTest Update List of Rejected Candidates  http://www.nts.org.pk/…/…/102018/PSMU_Oct2018_Rej/Search.php Agar Is list Main Apka Naam Araha hai tu ye Procedure follow karey. Apke Naam K Samne CLICK HERE Ka Option Hoga, us per click karey tu ek form ajaega wo download kr k print krwae or phr fill kr k scan karwa K Form or Relevant Document is address per mail kar de (smc2018@nts.org.pk).
#DUET Merit List https://duet.edu.pk/provisional-merit-list-admission-b-e-b…/
 ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA ... > Matric & Intermeidate passed (Pre-Medical 60%). > Candidate's Domicile and PRC of Sindh. > Father's Domicile of Sindh. FEE STRUCTURE Open Merit = 106,480 per year Self Finance = 224,818 per year SEATS DISTRIBUTION Open Merit (Karachi Domicile) = 49 Open Merit (Interior Sindh Domicile) = 21 Self Fianance (Karachi Domicile) = 21 Self Finance (Interior Domicile) = 00 ADMISSION PROCEDURE > Fill the online application form on JSMU website www.jsmu.edu.pk and print out the auto-generated receipt. > Send Application form alongwith REQUIRED DOCUMENTS & Fee Voucher to JSMU through TCS. (Address is given in the Application Form) > NTS Entry Test (MBBS Test) is compulsory for Admissions in Doctor of Pharmacy. > Last Date of Forms Submissions is 30th October, 2018. REQUIRED DOCUMENTS 1. Metric / O Level certificate  2. Metric / O Level Mark sheet or equivalent  Examination 3. Inter science / A Level Mark sheet  4. Inter science / A Level Provisional Certificate or equivalent  Examination 5. Application form copy of Processing fees voucher  6. Candidate Domicile  7. Candidate PRC  8. Father’s / Guardian domicile  9. Candidate CNIC /B. Form  10. Two Photograph  11. Father’s CNIC FORMS LINKS Application Form http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181015%20Application%20form%20Ph… Fee Voucher  http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181015%20Processing%20fee%20vouc…
KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS DETAILS ============== Eligibility Criteria Admission Criteria Fee Structure ...
NED University Admissions For Masters Ph.D Programs
Liaquat National Admissions 2018-19 =============== BS Generic Nursing  Post RN  Diploma in Nursing Midwifery ... Diploma in Cardiac Nursing
NUMS-MDCAT Entry Test 2018-19 (MBBS) ===================== This Test is compulsory for Admission in Army Medical College (Rawalpindi) & FMDC (Islamabad). SEATS FOR SINDH Students:... There are 9 seats allocated for Sindh (Rural) while 6 seats for Sindh (Urban) in FMDC. There is not special quota for any province in AMC. Students from all over pakistan can apply in AMC on Open Merit Seats. FEE STRUCTURE FDMC = Around 30,000 per year AMC = 180,000 per year HOW TO APPLY  1) Go this link http://www.nts.org.pk/…/072…/NUMS_July2018_Online/indexs.php 2) First SIGNUP & then LOGIN. 3) Fill the application form. 4) After successful submission of application form, Application Form will be displayed.  5) Print the Application Form and deposit fee in any branch of HBL and send Application Form along with Origional Deposit Slip (NUMS Copy), Copy of CNIC/Bform & Two Photographs  to: National Testing Service (NUMS Project) Plot 96, Street No. 4, Sector H-8/1 Islamabad through TCS. ENTRY TEST PATTERN Biology = 70 Chemistry = 45 Physics = 45 English = 20 Time = 3 hours There will be no negative marking. Syllabus will be uploaded soon on NUMS Official Website.
NUMS (Army Medical College) Admissions procedure will be start from 15th October, 2018.
#JSMU Pharm-D Forms will be available from 15th October, 2018. Admissions will ge given to only those students who will appear in NTS Test (MBBS/BDS) on 28th October, 2018.
Matric/Inter/Graduation Forms Update


HAMDARD UNIVERSITY Admissions 2018-19 ============== Fields with Eligibility Criteria BE Mechanical (PE – 60%)... BE Electrical (PE - 60%)  BE Computer System (PE – 60%)  BS Computer Science (PE – 50%) BS Software Engineering (PE – 50%)  BBA (Intermediate – 50%)  Fee Structure http://www.hamdard.edu.pk/hims-khi/fee-structure/
 Fields with Eligibility Criteria BE Avionics (PE – 60%) ... BE Electrical (PE – 60%)  BE Mechatronics (PE – 60%)  BS Computer Science (Intermediate – 50%) BS Software Engineering (Intermediate – 50%) BS Media Studies (Intermediate – 50%) BBA (Intermediate – 50%) Fee Structure http://admissions.pafkiet.edu.pk/general-fee-structure-det…/
#MedicalEntryTest Update 
Admissions are Open for OVERSEAS PAKISTANI in Govt Medical Colleges of Sindh  (MBBS/BDS) Fee Voucher http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181009%20Processing%20fee%20vouc…
 Eligibility Criteria... > Matric & Intermeidate passed from Karachi (Pre-Medical 60%). > Candidate's Domicile and PRC of Karachi. > Father's Domicile of Sindh. FEE STRUCTURE Open Merit = 128865 per year Self Finance = 260,150 per year Seats Distribution Open Merit = 60 Self Fianance (Morning) = 40 Self Finance (Evening) = 50 > NTS Entry Test (MBBS Test) is compulsory for Admissions in Doctor of Pharmacy. > Last Date of Forms Submissions i 26th October, 2018. REQUIRED DOCUMENTS 1) Application from. 2) Matric Certificate / ‘O’ Level Equivalent examination certificate from Karachi. 3) Mark sheet of Matric /transcript ‘O’ Level / Equivalent Examination. 4) O Level equivalence certificate (if applicable). 5) Mark sheets of Inter-science Pre-Medical/ A Level. 6) Provisional certificate from School (sample certificate is attached). 7) Provisional certificate from college. (sample certificate is attached). 8) Pay order of Rs.1500 (fifteen hundred) as processing fee. 9) Candidate’s Domicile Certificate of district Karachi. 10) Candidate’s Permanent Resident Certificate (PRC, on form – C) district Karachi. 11) Candidate’s NADRA National Identity Card (CNIC) or ‘B’ form, (if he/she is below the age of eighteen years). 12) Father’s Domicile of Sindh Province on form P-1. 13) CNIC of father, issued from NADRA with Permanent address of Sindh. 14) Six recent passport size photographs with the name, 3 attested from front & 3 attested, from back. 15) Two self addressed envelopes.
#PMDC Ke Taraf Se Medical Colleges Main Open Merit Ke Seats Barha de gae hai Jabke Self Finance Ke Kam Kar De Gae Hai. DMC = 227 Se 240 Kar De Gae Hai. SMC = 228 Se 231 Kar De Gae hai. KMDC = 175 se 212 Kar De Gae hai.
 Eligibility Criteria  Pre-Medical 60%... Candidate Domicile of Karachi. Father Domicile of Sindh. Procedure  Download Admission Form from DUHS website and submit it with required documents in UBL Baba-e-Urdu Road Branch. Last date of Forms Submission = 26th October, 2018. Admissions will be given on the basis of NTS Entry Test (Sindh Provional Entry Test for MBBS), So You have also to fill NTS Form.
ISRA UNIVERSITY Admissions 2018-19 The following programs are offered at Karachi Campus:- Doctor of Physiotherapy (Pre-Medical – 60%) BS Vision Sciences (Pre-Medical – 60%)  Fee Structure DPT = 200,000 per Year BS Vision = 150,000 per Year Last Date to apply = 09th November, 2018. Entry test Date = 17th November, 2018.
#MedicalEntryTest Problems 
#NED Merit list has been uploaded on NED website for Admissions 2018-19.
#MedicalEntryTest Update (This post is only for Interior Sindh Students) Interior Sindh K Wo Tulaba Jo JSMU BDS or Lyari Medical College Main Apply karna Chahte hain wo ye form bhi Fill kr k jama karae. Lyari Medical College Form http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181003%20RESERVED%20SEATS%20OF%2… JSMU (BDS) Form http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20181003%20Admission%20Form%20BDS%…
 Candidates who have secured atleast 60% marks in HSC/DAE/A-Level (Equivalence of... IBCC Required for A and O Level) excluding grace marks and cleared the NTS Pre-Admission Entry Test with minimum 20 marks are required to follow the process below. 1. Open student portal at admissions.duet.edu.pk and reprint your online admission form. If any correction required on it correct it manually by writing on form, please correct intermediate marks also. Please sign beside your correction. 3. Sign at Candidate signature and Submit the documents and form at designated TCS Centers The last date to submit all documents alongwith form is 12th October 2018.
MEDICAL COLLEGES ADMISSIONS 2018-19 (Frequently Asked Questions) ========================= Q :- Mujhe Srif Govt K Lye Apply karna he / Mujhe Govt or Private Dono Main Apply Karna Hai, Main Kon Se Forms Bharun?  A :-... 1) NTS Form (Jo Prospectus me hai) 2) Application Form (Jo Prospectus me hai) 3) Online Form (Karachi or SMBBMU Tagged District Wale JSMU Website wala form or LUMHS Districts Wale LUMHS wala LUMHS Ka Online Form) Q :- Mujhe Srif Private Univeristy K Lye Apply Karna hai, Main Kon Se form Bharun? A :- NTS Website Se Form Download karey or Fill Kar K NTS Islamabad K Address per TCS Kar Dey. Q :- NTS Form Kahan Submit Hoga/ Kon Se Envelop Main Dena Hai/ NTS Form K Sath Kia Kia DOcuments Dene Hain? A :- NTS Form CNIC Copy, 2 Photos & NTS Paid Voucher K Sath TCS K Zarye NTS Office Islamabad K Address Per Bejhna Hai (Address NTS Form K 2nd Page Per likha Hai) Q :- Application Form Kahan Submit Hoga/ Kon Se Envelop Main Dena Hai/ NTS Form K Sath Kia Kia DOcuments Dene Hain? A :- Application Form Documents K Sath File Main Band Kar K Usi TCS Office Main Jama Karana Hai Jahan se Form Lia Hai. Documents K 2 Sets File Main rakh K jama Karane hain, Jo Check List Me De Howe hain. 1 Set K Sath Original Form Or Dusre Set K Sath Original Form Ke Photocopy lagegi. Q :- Pictures Kitne Lagegi? Kahan Kahan se attested hogi? A :- Total 16 Photos  NTS Form Per 2 lagegi (Unattested). Ek front pe or ek back pe or 2 ehtiat k ley alag staple kr de. 3 File Main Lagegi, Jahan Specific Jagah de hwe he (2 Back Se Attested or 1 Front Se). 1 Application form per Paste hogi (Unattested). 4 Application form K ek set k sath or 4 Dusre set k sath (Iska Mention Nahe Kia hai k kahan se attest hogi is lye Back se kara do tu bhtr hga ya 4 front se or 4 back se)
#MedicalEntryTest Problems  Q :- Form Main tagged district me kia likhe? A :- Ye Option Lyari Medical College K Lye hain Q K Wahan Kuch Towns K Lye Makhsoos Seats Hoti Hai. Agar Apka Talluq Lyari/Bin Qasim/Kemari/Gadap Town se hai tu us pe tick karey.  Agar in me se nahe he tu REST OF ALL KARACHI.
#MedicalEntryTest Problems  Q :- Pictures Kitne Lagegi? Kahan Kahan se attested hogi? A :- Total 16 Photos ... NTS Form Per 2 lagegi (Unattested). Ek front pe or ek back pe or 2 ehtiat k ley alag staple kr de. 3 File Main Lagegi, Jahan Specific Jagah de hwe he (2 Back Se Attested or 1 Front Se). 1 Application form per Paste hogi (Unattested). 4 Application form K ek set k sath or 4 Dusre set k sath (Iska Mention Nahe Kia hai k kahan se attest hogi is lye Back se kara do tu bhtr hga ya 4 front se or 4 back se)
#MedicalEntryTest Problems  Q :- Kon Sa Form Kahan Jama Karana hai? A :- NTS Form TCS K Zarye NTS Office Islamabad K Address Per Bejhna Hai. (Pora Address NTS Form k 2nd Page Per likha Hai) Jo Dusra Form (Application Form) Hai wo TCS Office Main Jama hoga, Jahan Se Form Lia Hai. Q :- Kon Se Form K Sath Kon Se Documents Bejhne Hain? A :- NTS Form K Sath Srif CNIC Copy, Photos or NTS Paid Voucher Bejhne Hai. Jo Dusra Form hai Uske Sath Wo Documents bejhne hai jo Prospectus K Check List Me Likhe howe hain.
#MedicalEntryTest Problems Still some Bachay are confused regarding forms. Agar ap Govt K lye ya Govt or Private Dono apply kar rahe hain tu ap 3 form fill karenge.... 1) NTS Form (Jo Prospectus me hai) 2) Application Form (Jo Prospectus me hai) 3) JSMU Online Form (jsmu.edu.pk) Agar Ap Srif Private University K lye apply kar rahe hain tu Srf NTS website se form download kr k print krwae or fill kr k NTS Address Per TCS kar de.



IQRA University Admissions 2018-19 ================= • BE Computer Engineering • BE Electrical Engineering • BE Electronics Engineering... • BS Computer Science • BS Software Engineering Fee Structure https://iqra.edu.pk/admissions-policies/
 FIELDS with Eligibility Criteria & Fee Structure  • BE Bio-Medical Engineering (60%) (95,000 per semester) ... • BS Electrical Engineering (60%)  (95,000 per semester) • BS Civil Engineering (60%)  (95,000 per semester) • BS Software Engineering (50%) (95,000 per semester) • BS Data Science (50%)  (95,000 per semester) • BS Electrical Technology (45%) (95,000 per semester) • BS Management & Technology (50%) (95,000 per semester) • BS Civil Engineering Technology (45%) (95,000 per semester) • BS Biotechnology (50%)  (95,000 per semester) • BS Biomedical Equipment Technology (50%) (95,000 per semester) • Bachelor of Business Administration BBA (50%) (95,000 per semester) Last Date of Forms Submission = 16th October, 2018. Test Date = 20th October, 2018.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> Fields Options For PRE-ENGINEERING Students (% wise) <><><><><><><><><><><><>
#MedicalEntryTest Problems  Q:- Kia 28 October wala test MBBS/BDS K elawa other fields k lye bhi hai? A :- Other fields ka alag test hota he wo har university khud leti hai. Pharmacy k lye Dow or Jinnah mostly is test ka score accept karti hai, Is Saal ka abhi announce nh hwa h lekin ehtiat k lye de dey tu bhtr hga.
#MedicalCollegesTest Problems
Admission Procedure in Private Medical Colleges (MBBS & BDS) =============== (Ye Procedure Srif Un K lye hai jo Govt University Main Apply nahe karna chahte hain, srif Private me apply krna chahte hain) > Private Medical Colleges Main Sindh Domicile wale Tulaba Ko NTS Entry Test dena lazmi hai.... > Other Provinces domicile wale Tulaba Apne Province K Govt Test Per Yahan Apply kar sakte hain. > Is Link se form download karey (http://www.nts.org.pk/…/Annou…/092018/SMC_Sep2018/SMC_Fm.pdf), Print karwae phir Bank me fees jama karae or Form Apni CNIC, 2 Recent Photographs or Original Paid Fee Voucher K Sath TCS K zarye NTS Office Islamabad (Pora address Form k 2nd page per likha hwa h) bejh de. Last date = 9 October  Test Date = 28 October 
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><> SINDH MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES  ADMISSION PROCEDURE 2018-19 <><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
Bad Strategy by Sindh Govt  Private Medical Colleges Main Admission K Lye Provisional Entry test Lazmi Hai. Sindh Domicile Wale Sindh Ka NTS Test De Sakte Hain Jabke baqi Provinces K Domicile wale Apne Province K Test Yahan Admission Lenge. Abhi Jin K Pas Sindh Ka Domicile Hai wo Sindh Entry test k lye apply kar lenge lekin Un Logo Ka Kia Jinho ne Pehle Se yahan k Private Colleges K test Dene ka Socha tha or Unho ne Dusre Provinces Ka Govt Test nahe Dia Hai?


Medical Colleges Forms Update  Clear Pictures of TCS Centres Forms will be available from tomorrow.
Private Medical Colleges Update  (MBBS & BDS)

Sindh Medical Colleges Admissions 2018-19 (MBBS & BDS) Forms will be available in following TCS centres  (Go to this Link for PDF file if TCS centres are not clear in picture... http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/JSMU%20Advertise%20for%20Admission…) Last Date of Forms Submission = 09th October, 2018. Entry Test Date = 28th October, 2018. You will have to submit following forms  1) NTS form (which will be available on NTS website) 2) Online Application Form (On JSMU & LUMHS websites) 3) Hard Copy Application Form  Form Price Application form with prospectus = 1000 TCS service charges = 100

Medical Colleges Forms Update (MBBS & BDS) Forms will be available from 28th September to  09th October. Entry Test Date = 28th October, 2018.
MDCAT Entry Test 2018 (Punjab Medical Colleges Test)

 Fields with Eligibility Criteria  ---------------------... BE Electrical Engineering (Pre-Engineering – 60%) B.Tech Mechanical (Pre-Engineering – 45%) B.Tech Electrical (Pre-Engineering – 45%) B.Tech Electronics (Pre-Engineering – 45%) B.Tech Civil (Pre-Engineering – 45%) BS Software Engineering (Intermediate – 45%)  BS Computer Science (Intermediate – 45%) BS Mechanical Engineering Technology (Intermediate – 45%) BS Electrical Engineering Technology (Intermediate – 45%) BS Electronics Engineering Technology (Intermediate – 45%) BS Civil Engineering Technology (Intermediate – 45%) BBA (Intermediate – 45%) BS Media Studies (Intermediate – 45%) Bachelor of Fashion Design (Intermediate – 45%) Bachelor of Textile Design (Intermediate – 45%) Bachelor of Interior Design (Intermediate – 45%)



 Fee Structure 80,000 per semester Test Sample Paper http://www.jmc.edu.pk/DownloadOnline…/jmdc_entrance_test.pdf
 Fields with Required Percentages ----------------------... • Doctor of Pharmacy (Pre-Medical - 60%) • BEMS (Pre-Medical - 45%) • BS Computer Science (Inter - 45%) • BS Software Engineering (Inter - 45%) • BS Commerce (Inter - 45%) • B.Ed (Inter - 45%) • Visual Studies (Inter - 45%) • BS Food Science & Technology (P.E/P.M – 45%) • BS Biotechnology (P.E/P.M – 45%) • BS Microbiology (Pre-Medical - 45%) • BS Biochemistry (Pre-Medical - 45%) • BS Zoology (Pre-Medical - 45%) • BS Botany (Pre-Medical - 45%) • BS Chemistry (Inter with Chemistry - 45%) • BS Mathematics (Inter with Mathematics - 45%) • BS Commerce (Inter - 45%) • BS Economics (Inter - 45%) • BS Economics & Finance (Inter - 45%) • BPA (Inter - 45%) • BS English (Inter - 45%) • BS Media Studies (Inter - 45%) • BS International Relations (Inter - 45%) • BS Islamic Learning (Inter - 45%) • BS Sociology (Inter - 45%) • BS Psychology (Inter - 45%) • B.Com (Inter - 45%) Admission Procedure  https://www.juw.edu.pk/admission-process/
Medical Colleges Forms Update (MBBS/BDS) Forms Milne Ke Date Aaj the Lekin Result late hone ke waja se Forms Aj nahe aye. Jab Dusri Date ayege tu me update kr dnga.
Dawood University Admissions 2018-19 (BS Mathematics in Evening) Fee Structure  25000 per semester  Last date to apply = 23 October 2018. Test Date = 04 November 2018.
Iqra University Admissions Update (Doctor of physiotherapy)
Important Post for recently Intermediate Passed (Pre-Medical) Students  (This post contains all fields and universities details according to your percentage) ==================


Admissions of the following Colleges are Stopped by #PMDC. 1) Dr.Ishratul Ebad Institute of Oral Health Sciences Karachi. 2) Mohammad Bin Qasim Medical & Dental College, Karachi. 3) Baqai Dental College Karachi. 4) Altamash Institute of Dental Medicine, Karachi.... 5) FMH College of Medicine & Dentistry, Lahore. 6) HITEC Institute of Medical Sciences, Taxila 7) Kabir Medical College, Peshawar.


Medical Universities Test Update  (For MBBS & BDS) ================= > Forms 17 September Se 27 September Tak Milenge. > Entry Test Date = 21st October, 2018.... > Govt or Private Medical Colleges Ka Test Ek Hoga. > Merit List Pehle Govt Colleges Ke Lagegi Uske Bad Private Medical Colleges Apna Admission Process Shuru Karenge.
Private Medical Colleges Update (MBBS & BDS) Aesa Lag Raha Hai K Is Baar Private Medical Colleges Sindh Govt Test K Base Per Admissions degi.  Q k Ek tu Admissions itna late ho rahe hain or Abhi Hamdard University Ne Apne Tamam Candidates Ko Text Kia hai K Hamdard University Govt Test Ka Score Accept karegi. Note :- Ye Koe Official Announcement Nahe hai, Bs mjhe aesa lag raha h K Is Saal ye policy apply hone wale hai.

NED Entry Test 2018-19 Statistics  (with comparison of 2017-18 Entry Test Result)
 Result Link https://www.neduet.edu.pk/admission-2018/results/index.htm
Govt Medical Colleges Main MBBS or BDS K داخلوں Ka Aghaaz 15 September K Bad Hoga.
IIEE Seats Distribution
 • BE Computer Engineering • BS Computer Science • BS Software Engineering... • BBA • BS Media Science • BS Accounting & Finance Last date = 30th August, 2018. Test date = 02nd September, 2018.
Institute of Industrial Electronics Engineering Admissions 2018-19 ELIGIBILITY • 16 to 20 years of age on 31st December 2018 • Matric / S.S.C. with minimum 60% marks  • Pre-Engineering with minimum 60% marks ADMISSION CRITERIA • Merit list will be prepared by IIEE on the basis of your Marks obtained in HSC and NTS Test with share of 50 – 50 percent ratio. SEATS DISTRIBUTION • Merit = 41 Seats • Self-Finance = 5 Seats • PCSIR Employees Quota = 4 Seats ENTRY TEST PATTERN • Physics  (35%) • Math  (35%) • Chemistry  (20%)  • English (10%) HOW TO APPLY  Submission of Filled in IIEE Admission Form& Fee, along with completed NTS Entry Test Form & Fee by at IIEE Address by;3.00 pm, 14th September, at IIEE Address.  IIEE Admission Application fee: Pay Order/Bank Draft of Rs.1000/= in favor of; Institute of Industrial Electronics Engineering, Karachi. NTS Form Link http://iiee.edu.pk/wp-content/uploads/…/07/IIEE-NTS-Form.pdf IIEE Form Link http://iiee.edu.pk/…/…/2018/07/IIEE-Admission-Form-2018.docx
Scholarship For Intermediate (By NEST) ======== Eligibility Criteria > passed matriculation exams with at least 65% marks; > secured admission on merit in Publi...c /Private Sector College; > unable to pursue study due to financial constraints. > Household income should not be more than Rs. 45,000/ month Deadline for submitting online applications is 30 September, 2018 http://inter.nest.org.pk/account/registration
DAWOOD UNIVERSITY OF ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGY (DUET) Admissions 2018-19 FIELDS • Architecture Engineering • Chemical Engineering... • Computer Systems Engineering • Electronic Engineering • Energy & Environment Engineering • Industrial Engineering & Management • Metallurgy & Material Engineering • Petroleum & Gas Engineering • Telecommunication Engineering ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA https://duet.edu.pk/eligibility-criteria/ ADMISSION CRITERIA Admissions are given on the basis of CPN/Aggregate (10% Matric, 40% Intermediate & 50% Test). CPN/Aggregate Calculation Formula: - (Matric % x 0.1 + Inter % x 0.4 + Test Marks x 0.5) Example :- A candidate's Matric % is 80%, Inter % is 70 & Test Marks are 80. Multiply 80 with 0.1 (8), 70 with 0.4 (28) & 80 with 0.5 (40). Now add it (8 + 28 + 40). His CPN will be 76. SEATS DISTRIBUTION https://duet.edu.pk/scheme-and-categories/ FEE STRUCTURE  https://duet.edu.pk/fee-structure/ ENTRY TEST PATTERN Total MCQs = 100 Physics (25) Mathematics (25) English (25) Computer Science/Chemistry (25) HOW TO APPLY 1. Make pay order of Rs.3000 in favor of Dawood University of Engineering & Technology Karachi from any bank. 2. Purchase prospectus from TCS Express Centers with the pay order, list is present at this link (https://admissions.duet.edu.pk/tcslist). 3. Open https://admissions.duet.edu.pk/login, register yourself first and login with CNIC and password, save your password for onward use. 4. Read, Must Read Guidelines, Photo guide present at the left side. After understanding the guidelines click Admission Form, enter prospectus code on page 1 5. Enter your name and father name as per matric certificate 6. Fill the form completely and submit it. 7. Registration of account does not mean form submission; Admission Form is present on the left side menu and will be submitted with prospectus code only. Submit the form in all respect admit card will only be issued to candidates who have submitted admission form completely. Last Date to Apply = 20th August, 2018. Entry test Date = 09th September, 2018.
 FIELDS with Eligibility Criteria • Doctor of Pharmacy (P.M-60%) • Doctor of Physiotherapy (P.M-55%)... • BS Medical Technology (P.M-55%) • BS Nursing (P.M-55%) • BS Bio-Informatics (P.M/P.E-50%) • BS Software Engineering (P.E-45%)  • BBA (Inter-50%)
 Forms will be availbe from 5th August to 20th August, 2018.
Ziauddin University Admissions 208-19 =============== Doctor of Physical Therapy (50%) Doctor of Occupational Therapy (50%) BS Audiology & Speech Language Therapy (55%)... Diploma in Childhood Development & Psychpathology BS Cardiovascular Science (50%) BS Clinical Laboratory Science (50%) BS Dental Hygiene and Technology (50%) BS Radiation Therapy (50%) BS Radiological Imaging (50%) BE Bio-Medical Engineering (60%)  BS Electrical Engineering  (60%) BS Civil Engineering (60%) BS Software Engineering (50%) BS Data Science (50%) BS Electrical Technology (45%) BS Management & Technology (50%) BS Civil Engineering Technology  (45%) BS Biotechnology (50%) BS Biomedical Equipment Technology (50%) Bachelor of Business Administration BBA (50%) Fee Structure is available on website https://admission.zu.edu.pk


MUET, Jamshoro Admissions 2018-19


 ADMISSION CRITERIA Admissions will be granted on the basis of Merit Score. Merit Score = Test Marks + Inter Marks ONLINE ADMISSION LINK http://www.neduet.edu.pk/online_admission REQUIRED DOCUMENTS http://www.neduet.edu.pk/…/Admission…/Document_checklist.pdf

 Admission criteria Tabdeel Kar Diya gaya hai. Pehle Inter % Per Adm Dye Jate The, Ab Inter % Or Test Marks ko Mila K Merit Banega. Jis Se 80 se Kam % Walo Ko bhi Achi fields milne k chances Hnge.


Dow University Admissions 2018  (BBA/MBA)





























Karachi University Admissions 2018 (Masters Programs Evening) Forms will be available from 4th July to 15th July.
#DUHS Admissions 2018  (BBA & MBA) Last date to apply = 30 July, 2018. Entry Test Date = 5 August, 2018.
















Fileds After Intermediate Inter K Bad Zyada tar Bacho K Zahen Main Ye Sawal hota hai k Me Kon se field mai Admission le sakta hun ya Meri % per Kahan Admission Milega. Un Bacho K Lye List Bana raha hn last 15 to 20 Days Se Har group k lye Alag or Percentage wise. Is Waja se Kuch dino se ap logo k Messages k Jwb Bhi nahe De Saka. In Shaa Allah 1,2 Din main List complete hojaege phir Apke Har Sawal Ka Ans Mil jaega.


CSS 2019 Update


==================== UNIVERSITIES ENTRY TEST PAST PAPERS & PREPARATION PAPERS ==================== > Anees Hussain Notes > DMC/SMC Past Papers...
DAWOOD UNIVERSITY (DUET) ADMISSIONS DETAILS ================ Admission procedure will be start in September/October. ============= ADMISSION CRITERIA... ============= Admission are given on the basis of CPN/Aggregate (10% Matric, 40% Intermediate & 50% Test). CPN/Aggregate Calculation Formula :- (Matric % x 0.1 + Inter % x 0.4 + Test Marks x 0.5) Example :- A candidate's Matric % is 80%, Inter % is 70 & Test Marks are 80. Multiply 80 with 0.1 (8), 70 with 0.4 (28) & 80 with 0.5 (40). Now Add it ( 8 + 28 + 40). His CPN will be 76. ============== ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA =============== https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/1013609435454877 ============= FEE SRUCTURE ============= Dawood University (DUET) (Eligibility Criteria)  ----------------------------------- {ENTRY TEST PATTERN} ----------------------------------- Total MCQs = 100 Physics = 25 Chemistry/Computer Science = 25 Mathematics = 25 English = 25 ---------------------------- {Closing Percentages} ---------------------------- https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1010392132443274/



FEDERAL URDU UNIVERSITY (FUUAST) ADMISSION DETAILS ================ Admission procedure will be start in October/November. ============= ADMISSION CRITERIA... ============= OPEN MERIT DEPARTMENTS :- In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate percentage. TEST BASED DEPARTMENTS :- In these departments, Admissions are given on the basis of Intermedkate percentage after passing Entry Test. In Morning, Pharm-D, Computer Science, Chemistry, Biochemistry, Microbiology, Geology, BBA & BS Commerce are test based departments while all remaining departments are Open Merit dpeartments. In Evening, All departments are Open Merit Departments. ============= ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA & No. of Seats ============= Morning :- https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/1013393895476431 Evening :- https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1013394308809723/ ============= FEE SRUCTURE ============= Morning :- https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/1013395862142901 Evening :- https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1013395408809613/ ----------------------------------- {ENTRY TEST PATTERN} ----------------------------------- https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1013382802144207/ ---------------------------- {Closing Percentages} ---------------------------- https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1010406762441811/




Federal Urdu University (Entry test Pattern)



GOVT. MEDICAL COLLEGES ADMISSION DETAILS (MBBS/BDS) ================ Admission Procedure will be start in Sep/Oct. Test Dates are expected in October(Last 2 weeks) /November(1st 2 weeks). =============... ADMISSION CRITERIA ============= Admission are given on the basis of Aggregate (10% Matric, 40% Intermediate & 50% Test). Aggregate Calculation Formula :- (Matric % x 0.1 + Inter % x 0.4 + Test Marks x 0.5) Example :- A candidate's Matric % is 80%, Inter % is 70 & Test Marks are 80. Multiply 80 with 0.1 (8), 70 with 0.4 (28) & 80 with 0.5 (40). Now Add it ( 8 + 28 + 40). His Aggregate will be 76. ============= FEE SRUCTURE ============= ---------------- {DMC/SMC} ---------------- MBBS Merit = 31,900 per year MBBS Self Finance = 440000 per year BDS Merit = 160000 per year BDS Self Finance = 514250 per year ----------- {KMDC} ----------- MBBS Merit = 32,000 per year MBBS Self Finance = 400,000 per year BDS Merit = 32,000 per year BDS Self Finance = 400,000 per year ---------------- {SMBBMCL} ---------------- MBBS Merit = 25,000 per year MBBS Self Finance = 2,50,000 per year ----------------------------------- {ENTRY TEST PATTERN} ----------------------------------- Total MCQs = 100 Physics = 30 Chemistry = 30 Biology = 30 English = 10 KMDC https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/1012690205546800/ ------------------------- {Seats Distribution} ------------------------- DMC MBBS Merit = 227 (Karachi) MBBS Self Finance = 55 (karachi) BDS Merit = 59 (karachi) BDS Self Fianance = 34 (karachi) SMC MBBS Merit = 228 (karachi) MBBS Self Finance = 38 (Karachi) BDS Merit = 30 (Karachi) & 13 (Interior Sindh) BDS Self Finance = 05 (Karachi) & 02 (Interior Sindh) KMDC MBBS Merit = 175 (karachi) MBBS Self Finance = 50 (Karachi) BDS Merit = 70 (Karachi) BDS Self Finance = 20 (karachi)



#KMDC (Required Documents for Admission)

NED UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS DETAILS ================ Admission Procedure will be start in July. Entry Test Date = 18th August, 2018. ===============... ADMISSION CRITERIA =============== Admissions are given on the basis of Intermediate Marks after passing the ENTRY TEST with minimum of 50% MARKS. ============= Seats Distribution ============= Regular https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/1011609445654876 Self Finance https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/1011609822321505 ============= FEE STRUCTURE (2017-18) ============= Admission Fee For locals Rs. 26,250/- For Foreigners Rs.306,250/- Semester Fee For all BE, BS (CS&IT) and B.Arch programme Rs.14,560/- For all remaining BS programmes Rs.29,560/- SELF Finance > Categories SF-1 to SF-5 Rs. 515,000/- for admission in Materials, Metallurgy, Textile, Architecture and all BS Programmes [except BS(CSIT)]. Rs. 715,000/- for all remaining disciplines > Categories SF-6 to SF-10 Rs.1,200,000/ > Category SF-11(a) Rs. 915,000/ > Category SF-11(b) Rs. 515,000/


NED University Admissions Update (Required Documents)
NED University Admissions Update (Eligibility Criteria)
NED University Admissions Update (Seats Distribution for Self Finance)
NED University Admissions Update (Seats Distribution for Regular)
KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS DETAILS ======== ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA Admission Criteria Fee Structure ...


Karachi University Admission Details  SELF FINANCE fee Structure & Number of Seats
Karachi University Admission Details  RESERVED SEATS for Province of Sindh (Other than Karachi), Balochistan, FATA, Northern Areas, AJK and Armed Forces
For Medical Students  Those Bachay Jo Puchte Hain K Meri Itni percentage Hai mera Govt medical university me admission to sakta hai ya nahe? Ab apna Calculate kro, Jitni apki inter me kam % hai utne apko test me zyada marks lene parenge.




 Morning Fee = 27,000 per semester Evening Fee = 54000 per semester Doctor of Physical Therapy  Closing % = 78.18% Fee = 90,000 per semester




Ned Closing Marks Statistics  (2014-15, 2015-16, 2016-17)
#NED Entry test Date for Admissions 2018-19 (18 August 2018)
Medical Universities Last Year Closing Aggregates (MBBS/BDS)
Some Important Documents Required in Medical Colleges for MBBS/BDS Mention your friends who will apply for MBBS/BDS Q K har Sal Kae bachay In Documents Ke Waja Se Reh Jate Hain.
DMC/SMC/KMDC/LMC Entry Test Paper 2017-18
ZIAUDDIN UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2018 (BScN, MScN, Post RN BScN, RN)
 Fee Structure http://khi.szabist.edu.pk/feestructure.html
 Fee Structure http://www.smiu.edu.pk/fee-structure.php
Aga Khan University Admissions 2018 ================ Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS)​ ​Associate of Science in Dental Hygiene  (ASDH)​​​ Post-RN Bachelor of Science in Nursing  (BScN)​... Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BScN)​ Post-RM Bachelor of Science in Midwifery (BScM)​​​



 Last Date = 19th April, 2018. Entry test date = 22nd April, 2018.
*CLARIFICATION*  Facebook Per EDUCATION IN KARACHI K Naam Se Kae Pages Ban Chuke Hain Jo K Aksar FAKE NEWS Post Karte Rehte Hain or Bht Sare Log Ye Samjhte Hain K Wo Mere Pages Hain Phir Bad Me Mujhe Msg Karte Hain K Ap Ne Apne Page Per Falan News Post Ke the wo tu FAKE hai tu Aese Logo Se Darkhwast Hai K Pehle Dekha Kare K News Kon se Page Ne Post Ke Hai. Facebook Per Mera Srf Yahe Education In Karachi Ka Page Hai or Is Page K Kuch Sub Pages Banae howe Hain Ta K Ap Logo K Ly...e Cheze Dhundne Main Asaani Ho, Unke Elawa Mera Koe Page Nahe Hai. Education in Karachi(Official Page) Sub Pages Education In Karachi - Universities Admissions Guideline (For Universities Admissions Updates) Education In Karachi - Guess Papers (For Guess Papers) Education In Karachi - Questions/Asnwers (For Q/A) or Ik Group Hai  www.facebook.com/groups/educationinkarachi2  Inke Elawa Ik Page Jobs Updates K Lye Banaya Howa  Jobs in Sindh




UNIVERSITIES In Which ADMISSIONS are OPEN  ================ Baqai University  (Doctor of Pharmacy) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/938525802963241/… Barhia University (BS Geophysics, BS English, MS Media Studies) Last Date = 19th January, 2018 Test Date = 21st January, 2018. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/938521282963693/… Hamdard University Admissions Spring 2018  (BE/BS/BBA/B.ED/BEMS/LLB/ME/MS/M.Phil/Ph.D) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/938515442964277/… IQRA University (BE/BS/BBA/BFD/BTD/B.Ed) Last Date = 11th January, 2018. Test Date = 14th January, 2018. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/938527806296374/… Indus University Admissions Sr ping 2018 (BS/BBA/B.Tech) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/938524826296672/… JSMU (BBA/MBA/EMBA) Last Date = 30th January, 2018. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/942492819233206/… Liaquat National Hospital Admissions 2018 (BS Clinical Laboratory Sciences) Last Date = 16th January, 2018. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/937148053101016/…
#JSMU Admissions 2018 (BBA/MBA/EMBA)
Karachi University Self Finance/Donor Seats Forms are available Now. Form is link per available hai (uokadmission.edu.pk) Test Based Departments K Lye Test ka Pass hona Lazmi Hai.  Form Main 2 Jagah Fees Details Required he ... 1. Admission Fees hai (Deposit Slip Banwana Hai, Jese Pehle Banwaya Tha)  2. Donor Seat Fees (Pay Order Banwana Hai) Is bat Ka Khas Khyal Rakhe K Donor Seat Fees K Lye Pay Order banwana Hai (Admission fees Ke tarah Deposit Slip nahe)
IQRA University Admissions 2018 (BE/BS/BBA/BFD/BTD/B.Ed)

Indus University Admissions Sr ping 2018 (BS/BBA/B.Tech)
Baqai University Admissions 2018 (BS Bioinformatics & BS Software Engineering)
Barhia University Admissions 2018 (BS Geophysics, BS English, MS Media Studies)
Hamdard University Admissions Spring 2018  (BE/BS/BBA/B.ED/BEMS/LLB/ME/MS/M.Phil/Ph.D)

Liaquat National Hospital Admissions 2018 (BS Clinical Laboratory Sciences)

 Fee Structure for Bachelors/Masters Programs & Diploma/Courses
 Eligibility Criteria for Bachelors/Masters Programs & Diploma/Courses
 Forms will be available from 22nd December to 31st December.
#Dadabhoy Institute Update HEC banned Admissions for all illegal campuses except Block 3, Shaheed e Millat Road, Karachi. http://hec.gov.pk/…/Dadabhoy-Institute-of-Higher-Education.…
Karachi University Bachelors/DPT Test  ================== These things are compulsory for tomorrow Test. > Admit Card (Download & print out your admit card from your KU Online Portal (from this Link https://uokadmission.edu.pk). > NTS Admit Card (from this Link http://nts.org.pk/…/122…/UniOfKarachi_17122017_FL/Search.php), Ye Wala Ehtiat K Lye Le Jae or Jo KU ID per Aya Hai Picture Wala, WO Lazmi Hai.... > Pen

Medical Colleges Merit List For Admissions in MBBS/BDS/Pharm-D 2017-18 is expected on 16th December, 2017.
Clarification about my previous Post regarding #HEC ================ Post Me Jo Kuch Bhi Likha Hai wo Kal K Express Newspaper Me aya tha or us me Main Ne SOURCE mention bhi kia hai. Newspaper Main Pabandi Ke Waja Gher-Qanoni Campuses or Bagher Approval K Programs Parhana Batae Gae Hai. News Link:- ... https://www.express.com.pk/epaper/PoPupwindow.aspx… But according to HEC website, these universities are registered. http://www.hec.gov.pk/english/universities/…/recognised.aspx Campuses ke complete details website per nahe hai, srf un universities  campuses show hai jo out of city hote hain. Programs ke details kuch universities ke de hwe hain, sab ke nahe he.

Karachi University K Open Merit (Morning) Admissions Forms Ke Date Extend Kar De Gae Hain. Last Date = 17th December, 2017.
Karachi University Admit Cards Update ============== Is Link Per Apni Id Open Kare (http://uokadmission.edu.pk) Closed Calls per Click Kare, Phir Us Field Per Click Kare Jis Me Ap ne Apply Kia Hai. Us Me Attachmnets K Uper PRINT ADMIT CARD Ka Option Hoga, Us per CLick kare, Apka Admit Card Show Hojaega.... Uska Print Out Nikalna Hai, test K lye wo Lazmi hai.
#DUHS Other Fields Admissions Updates <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><> ===================== FIVE YEARS PROGRAMS =====================...
Karachi University Entry Test Update ============== -------------- VISUAL STUDIES --------------... Date : 14/12/2017 Time : 10:30 A.M. Venue : Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences (Department of Political Science), University of Karachi. Download & Print out your Roll Number Slip from this link http://uokadmission.edu.pk Venue & Time will be mentioned on your Roll Number Slips. Test will be conducted by NTS. No Negative Marking. Calculator & Mobile Phone are nor allowed. Duration = 2 Hours. Passing Marks (Except Education,Special Education,Teacher Education) = 50% Passing Marks For Education,Special Education,Teacher Education = 40% Admissions will be granted on the basis of your Pre-requiste Examination after passing ENTRY TEST. -------------------- ENTRY TEST PATTERN ------------------- For Pharm-D & DPT Phsyics = 20 MCQs Chemistry = 20 MCQs Biology = MCQs English = 20 MCQs General Knowloedge = 20 MCQs FOR BACHELORS PROGRAMS https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1202284966569354 Download & Print out your Roll Number Slip from this link http://nts.org.pk/…/122…/UniOfKarachi_17122017_FL/Search.php
#KU Entry Test  Jin Bacho Ko 2 Messages aye hain ya Bachelors ke Jagah Masters Ka Aya Hai, wo NTS Website Per Apna Roll Number Search Kare, Jo Website Per Dia Hai, wo Sahe Hai.
Karachi University Roll Number Slips (Admit Cards)  (Bachelors/Masters/DPT) Search your Roll Number Slip on the link given below and print out that slip for Test.  Link http://nts.org.pk/…/122…/UniOfKarachi_17122017_FL/Search.php



Muhammad Ali Jinnah University Admissions 2017-18 (BS/MS/BBA) Entry test Date = 7th January,2017.
Textile Institute of Pakistan (TIP) Admissions Spring 2018 ============ BS in Textile Science BS in Industrial Manufacturing and Management (New) BBA in Textile Management & Marketing... BBA in Apparel Manufacturing & Merchandising BBA in Fashion Design Management
#DUHS Admissions 2017-18 (DPT & BS Programs) =================== Last Date to Apply = 19th December, 2017. Entry Test Date = 31st December, 2017. ... ------------------- PROCEDURE ------------------- > Download Application  from the DUHS website (www.duhs.edu.pk) and submit it along with all required documents and Paid fee Voucher of Rs. 2000/- Only In UNITED BANK LIMITED, BABA-E-URDU ROAD BRANCH, KARACHI. > All Candidates must must also required to fill online application from on DUHS website. > Candidate should submit only 1 Application Form at a time.
Notice For #SMBBMC Lyari Candidates For Admissions in MBBS (For Interior Sindh)
#KU Admissions 2017-18 ================= RESERVED SEATS FORMS UPDATE RESERVED Seats (Province of Sindh (Other than Karachi), Balochistan, FATA, Northern Areas, AJK, Armed) Kal Se Online Admission Portal per Ajaenge. Agar Apko Reserved Seats per Apply karna Chahte Hain tu Apko 2no Forms Fill Karenge, Ik Us Field Ka Admission Form or Ik Reserved Seat Ka.
========================= UNIVERSITIES IN WHICH ADMISSIONS ARE OPEN NOW (Updated On 03/12/2017) ========================= Karachi University  (Open Merit Morning Porgrams) = 13th December,2017....

#DUHS Admissions 2017-18 (BBA/MBA) ========== Last Date to Apply = 3rd January,2018.

Bahria University Spring Admissions 2017-18 (BS/BBA/MS/...) ============= Last Date to Apply is 14th December,2017.
Bahria University Admissions 2017-18 FOr BS Medical technology (Clinical Laboratory Sciences)
Ziauddin University Admissions 2017-18 ============== BS Clinical Laboratory Sciences BS Laboratory Sciences BS Dental Hygiene & technology... BS Radiation Therapy  Apply Online By 7th December,2017. Admission test = 12th December
Barret Hodgson University Admissions 2017-18 (BE/BS/BBA)
Ziauddin University Admissions 2017-18 =========== BS ELectrical Engineering g BS Civil ENgineering  BE Bio-Medical Engineering ... BS SOftware Engineering 
University of Karachi Open Merit Admissions 2017-18 (Morning) ================ Same Procedure as for Test Based Departments. (Test Based Departments Procedure https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1186432904821227)  Bs Kuch Batai New Hai.... > Open Merit Means Is Me test Nahe Hota hai, Direct Inter % Per Admissions Hote Hain. > Jin Bacho Ne Test Based Me Apply Kia tha, wo Open Merit Me bhi Apply Kar Sakte hain. > Form Fees 1200/- > Last Year Closing Percentages :- https://www.facebook.com/…/a.62085523137…/1196117363852781/… > Closing Percentages Me Kuch Confusions hai bacho Ko, Kuch Fields Ke CLosing 2,3 Bar Likhi Hoti Hai. For Example :- Psychology Ke 3 Closing Hai. 1) Psychology (DAE) :- Jinho ne Inter Ke Jagah DAE Kia Hai, Ye unke lye Hai. 2) Psychology (Psychology) :- Jinho Ne Inter K Optional SUbjects Main Psychology Subject Lia tha, Un K Lye Hai. 3) Psychology (Merit) :- ye Baqi Sab K Lye Hain.
University of Karachi admissions 2017-18 (Open Merit Bachelors & Masters Morning Programs)  =========== Online Admission Forms will be available from 04th December to 13th December.

#KU Admissions Problems Q :- Education in karachi wale bhai ! Mera form submit hogaya lekin form submit karne k bad jo mail ati hai wo mere pas nahe ae, mera form submit howa hai ya nahe? A :- You can check your answer in this picture (Answer by KU Admission Committee). Matlab ye hai k ap dubara login kare, agar apka form fill show ho raha hai tu apka form submit ho chuka hai.
Karachi University K Admissions Forms Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 30 Nov Tak Tausee Kar De Gae Hai.
UNIVERSITIES In which Admissions are Open NOW ======================= Karachi University  (Pharm-D/DPT/VS/Bachelors & Masters Test Based Morning Porgrams) = 28th November,2017. https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1186432904821227 Federal Urdu University  (Bachelors & Masters Programs) = 08th December,2017. https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/913394322143056 Govt Colleges (Bachelor of Computer Science) (BCS) Last Date = 30th December,2017. Test Date = 06th January,2017. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/916979641784524/… Liaquat National  (BS Medical Technology) = 22nd December,2017. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/916981658450989/… Benazir Bhuttu University Lyari (BBSUL) (Pharm-D/BS/B.Ed...) Last Date = 10th December,2017. Test Date = 17th December,2017. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/916984325117389/… PAF-KIET (BE/BSCS/BBA....)  Last Date = 16th December,2017. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/916983418450813/… IQRA University (BE/BS/BBA/BFD/BTD/B.Ed....)  Last Date = 14December,2017. Test Date = 17th December,2017. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/916982845117537/… NUML University (BS/BBA/B.Ed....)  Last Date = 04th December,2017. Test Date = 11th December,2017. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/916981965117625/… SZABIST (BS Biosciences) Last Date = 13th January,2017. Test Date = 16th January,2017. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/916982398450915/… Jinnah University For Women (Pharm-D,BS/BBA/BEMS....)  https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/916212745194547/… DHA SUffa (BSCS/BBA) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/916210081861480/…
Benazir Bhuttu University Lyari (BBSUL) (Pharm-D/BS/B.Ed...) Admissions 2017-18
PAF-KIET  (BE/BSCS/BBA....) Admissions Spring 2018
IQRA University (BE/BS/BBA/BFD/BTD/B.Ed....) Admissions Spring 2018
SZABIST (BS Biosciences) Admissions 2018
NUML University (BS/BBA/B.Ed....)  Admissions Spring - 2018
Liaquat National  (BS Medical Technology) Admissions 2017-18 Last Date = 22nd December,2017. BS Diagnostic Radiology BS Dialysis Technology... BS Critical Care Sciences BS Operation Theater Technology  
Bachelor of Computer Science (BCS 3 Years) Admissions in Govt Colleges (Affiliated with University of Karachi) ================== DJ Science College, Pakistan Chok (Boys & Girls) Govt College SRE Majeed, Stadium Road (Boys & Girls) Govt National College, Bahdurabad (Only Boys)... Khursheed College, Shah Faisal Colony  (Only Girls) Sir Syed Girls College, Nazimabad (Only Girls) ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA Intermediate (with Mathematics) Passed with 45% or DAE  (with Mathematics) Passed with 50%

DHA SUFFA University Admissions Open  (FOR BS & BBA)
#DUET Merit List has been announced.  http://duet.edu.pk/provisional-merit-list/

Karachi University K Admission Forms Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 28th November tak Tausee kar De Gae hi.

Karachi University K Admission Forms Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 25th November tak Tausee kar De Gae hi.

University of Karachi Admissions Problems ============= Q :- Education in karachi wale bhai 😂, Me ne SIGN UP kia Lekin Meri ID Per Confirmation wala msg nh aya hai, Ab Kia Karun?  A :- Apna Email or CNIC Number Email Per Send Kar de admissions@uok.edu.pk, apki problem wo solve kar denge.
University of Karachi Admissions Problems ================ Q :- Kia Evening K Test Based Departments K Admissions Bhi Aye Howe Hain? A :- Jo Pehle Prospectus Aya tha, Us Me Likha tha k Evening Me Jo Test Based Departments hai (BBA, Computer Science, Applied Physics) UsKe Admissions Bhi is me Include hai. Phir Jab Updated Prospectus aya, us me wo Line Hata de the unho ne.... or ab ye Email Hai (Ik Member Ne Mail Kia tha usko Jwb Aya Hai) Jis K Mutabiq Evening Me Se Abhi Srf Pharm-D K Admissions Is Me Include Hai Baqi K Bad Me Ayenge.
 IMPORTANT NOTE ==============... Admission Forms will be available from 21st November. Last Date to Apply = 8th December,2017. Again No Admission in Pharmacy. =================== Eligibilty Criteria =================== For BS (Science Departments) & BS Commerce (4 Years) B.com Hons (3 Years) = 50% For BA (Arts Departments) = 45% Microbiology, Computer Science, Geology, CHemistry, Biochemistry & BS Commerce are Test Based Departments in Morning. All Other Departments are open Merit departments. All Departments are open merit departments in Evening. Morning Fee Structure  https://fuuast.edu.pk/fee-structure-bachelors-programmes-m…/ Evening Fee Structure https://fuuast.edu.pk/fee-structure-bachelors-programmes-e…/ ONLINE FORM PROCEDURE Fill the Online form on www.fuuast.edu.pk. After Filling the Online form, Print out the two copies of filled form & submit it with required documents alongwith the Pay Order of Rs.1000 in the name of (Registrar, Federal Urdu University) at the concerned department or Helpdisk in university. MANUAL FORM PROCEDURE You can also get the admission from from JS Bank (Gulshan Iqbal branch, Bahadurabad brnach, M.A Jinnah Road Branch). NOTE :- For Test Based Departments, Candidates have to submit further pay order of Rs.1000 in the name of Registrar, Federal Urdu University.

Har Taraf Se Paisa He Paisa Karachi University Fee Structure is updated now in Prospectus DPT Fee Structure = 90,000 Per Semester
University of Karachi Admissions 2017-18 ================== SELF FINANCED Per Admissions lene walo k lye ik or problem Chemical Engineering, BBA or Computer Science walo ke Fees or Barha De. or Agar University Me Apka Year back howa tu Apko 2 Lacs Per Year Dene parenge.
Karachi University Admissions 2017-18 (UPDATED with more Questions/Answers) =================== Bachelors & Masters Test Based Programs (Morning) Doctor of Pharmacy (Morning & Evening) Doctor of Physiotherapy (Morning)...
University of Karachi Admissions Problems ========== > Sign Up Karte Waqt Aesa Email Address likhe Jo Apke Use Me Ho, Gmail ho tu zyada behter hoga. Sign up k bad apke Gmail ID pe ik link ayega us me Confirm per click krna hai uske bad apki ID ban jaege. > Converted number (Means Dusre Network Per Convert kia howa num) num form me na dale, converted number pe phr msg nh ata hai.... > Scanned Documents  Apko Kisi Photostate wale shop me ja kar usko documents dene hain wo apko scan kar k de dega.
University of Karachi Admissions Problems ======= Voucher Fees Go to HBL bank (Any Branch) and ask for ONLINE DEPOSIT Slip They will ask you these questions.... 1) Account Title =  University of Karachi 2) Account No = 00427991786203   After receiving fees they will give you a copy of deposit slip which is required in the form (Scanned documents attachment) Voucher number will also mention on deposit slip which is required in the form (Bank Voucher Column)

Karachi University Admissions 2017-18  =================== Bachelors & Masters Test Based Programs (Morning) Doctor of Pharmacy (Morning & Evening) Doctor of Physiotherapy (Morning)...
University of Karachi Admissions 2017-18 ============ Bachelors & Masters Programs (Test Based) Doctor of Pharmacy Doctor of Physical Therapy... Visual Studies Forms will be available from 17th November to 24th November.
#HEC ENtry Test Past Papers (MBBS) HEC Ne Abhi tak Srf ik Medical University (FMDC) ka Test Lia Hai, Jo K Is Sal 7th October Ko Howa Tha or wo ye tha. Sindh Med...ical Universities Ka Bhi HEC Se Test Lene Ka Irada hai.  FMDC Federal University Hai is lye is main Mostly Questions Federal Board K hain. Marked Answers Main Se Mostly Galat Hain.

#Retest Retest Date K Hawale Se Abhi Tak Koe Date Final Nahe Howe Hai. Koshish kar Rahe hain K 15 Din Main Test Le Lia Jae Lekin ye 15 Din Se late Bhi Ho Sakta hai. Retest Ke Koe fees nahe Hogi or Srf Wahe Log Test De Sakenge Jinho 22 Oct Wala Test Dia Tha. Test Lene K Lye IBA Testing Service, Pakistan Testing Service or HEC Test Service Per Ghor Kar Rahe Hain.... (Health Secretory Dr. Fazlullah Pechuho)

Parcha Out Nah Howa tha, Phir Bhi Nataij Mansookh Kar Dye. Hame Test Cancellation Ka Notification Mausool Howa Lekin Waja Nahe batae Gae Jab Committee Se Rabta Kia tu Unho Ne Tasleem Kia K Parcha Out Nahe Howa lekin kuch sawalat out of course the jiske waja se Test Cancel Karna Para. Masood Hasan (NTS Subai Sarbarah)



SIUT Admissions 2018 (BS Medical Technology) ================== > Anaesthesia and Critical Care Sciences > Clinical Laboratory Sciences... > Diagnostic Laboratory > Dialysis and Critical Care Sciences > Nuclear Medicine and Radiotherapy > Operation Theatre Sciences ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA Intermediate (Pre-medical) Passed with 50% Sindh Domicile Age = 22 Years (Maximum) 
#RETEST Dow University Main Monday Ko Meeting Hogi. Srf Wahe Candidates Test De Sakte Hain Jinho Ne 22 October Ka Test Dia tha. Dubara Forms Jari Hngey Ya Nahe Is Hawale Se Abi Koe Final Decision Nahe Lia Gaya Hai. Mostly Chances Yahe Hai K Purane Forms Per He Apply Hoga. Sare Candidates Dubara Study Shuru Kar De,  In Shaa Allah is Test Main Bhi Wahe Log Kamyab Hngey Jo Pehle Howe The. Jo Hota Hai Ache K Lye Hota Hai  so Believe in Allah and start preparation for test. May Allah give you success again.


Dawood University Entry Test Result has been announced. You can check your Result on this link http://nts.org.pk/…/…/112017/DUET_05112017_Result/Search.php
#PMDC Ka Ijlaas Jin Private Medical Colleges ne Govt Colleges Main MBBS or BDS K Admissions Se Pehle Admissions Dye, PMDC 2016 Centralized Policy K tahet Un Dakhilo Ko Mansookh Samjha Jayega.  Jin Private Medical Colleges Ne Policy Ke Khilaf Warzi karte Howe Zyada fees Le tu Unke Khilaf Karwae Ke Jaege. Is Bare Me PMDC Bht Jald Ishtihaar bhi jari Karegi Jis Main Parents Se Kaha Jaega K Wo Aese Colleges Se Apne bacho Ke fees Wapis Lain.
Karachi University Admissions 2017-18 Policy ================== > Admissions Forms Next Week Main Expected Hai. > Visual Studies K Admissions Baqi Test Based Departments K Sath Hnge. > Test NTS K Zarye Lia Jaega.... > Tamam Departments Ke Fees Main 20% Izafa Kia Gaya. > New Department (Doctor of Physical Therapy) Main Admissions Is Sal Se Hnge. > Self Finance/Donor Seats Ke Fees or Seats Barha De gae hai. > Har Quota (Donor Seats/Sports/………) K lye Test Pass karna Lazmi Hoga. > Admission K Waqt Students Ko Syasat Se Dur Rehne Ka halaf Naama Jama Karana Parega. > Sports Seats Per Admissions K Lye Qomi Players K Zarye Trials Karane Per Ghor. > Picture Main Morning Ke New or Purani fees De hwe hain, Evening Ka Bhi 20% Izafa kia Gaya Hai, SO Jitni Fees Evening Ke hai Us Mai Itni Increased hai Jitni Morning Ke Howe hai. ------------------------- DONOR SEATS NEW PRICE  Doctor of Pharmacy = 6,00,000 Doctor of Physical Therapy = 5,00,000 BBA = 5,00,000 Other BS Fields = 4,00,000


#NTS Result Update =============== NTS has uploaded Questions Books & Answer Keys on their website 




Hamdard University Admissions 2017-18 (BE/BS/BBA/Pharm-D,LLB....)
Bahria University Spring Admissions 2018  (BS/BBA/BSCS/MS...)
Medical Universities Test 2017-18 ===================% Health Department, Government of Sindh is Pleased to constitute an Inquiry Committee to probe the Allegations of Improper Conduct of Public Sector Medical Colleges Entry Test Conducted on 22.10.2017 through NTS.
Karachi University Admissions 2017-18 ============= Admissions November Main Hngey. Is bar Visual Studies Ka Test Bhi Baqi Fields K Sath Hoga. Forms Online hngey.... Test NTS K Tahet Lena Hai Ya University Khud Legi, Is Bat Ka Hatmi Faisla Academic Council K Agle Ijlaas Main Hoga.
#NTS Website is working now Check your result and share your aggregate here http://nts.org.pk/…/102017/MedUnisSindh_22102017…/Search.php If you have any objection regarding your Total marks, you are required to submit the Objection / Claim form through Courier at National Testing Service, C - 32 / II / I, KDA Scheme No. 01, Karsaz Road, Karachi before Monday, 30th October 2017 (till 03:00 PM). By hand submission of objection / claim form is not allowed.... CLAIM FORM Link http://nts.org.pk/…/MedUnisSindh_22…/MedUnisSindh_Object.pdf
Sindh Medical Universities Test ================ Highest NTS Score = 88.50 Only 135 Candidates have scored 80+ score throughout the Sindh. Total Candidates = 21,775

Sindh Medical Universities Test 2017-18 ====================== 1) Ye 3 Pages Social Media per Subah Se Chal Rahe Hai, or Kahan Ja Raha Hai K ye Test Se Ik Din P...ehle Leaked Howa tha,  Wese ye tu nahe Kaha Ja Sakta K Test Se ik din Pehle Leak Howa tha lekin Phir bhi ye Sawal Paida Hota hai K Test K bad Kese leak Howa Jab wo Apne Sath Test Papers Le Gaye?  Question Mark on NTS Performance? 
DUHS/JSMU/LMC Hifz-e-Quran Test ============================ All those candidates who have applied in admissions of MBBS & BDS (Session 2017-18) with Karachi Domicile for DUHS, JSMU & SMBBMC (Layari) and claiming for Hafiz-e-Quran marks to be added in merit calculation are advised to appear in Hafiz-e-Quran test which is going to be held on Wednesday, 25th October, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. at Principal's office, Board Room, Dow Medical College Karachi. Please bring the original Hafiz-e-Quran certificate, CNIC and the receipt of the application form on the day of test. Admission Department; DUHS

Dawood University Admissions 2017-18 Application Forms Date has extended for 3 days.  Now candidates can apply till 25th October 2017.
Last Year Closing Aggregate ============ DUHS Merit (MBBS) = 83.09 JSMU Merit (MBBS) = 80.46 KMDC Merit (MBBS) = 77-78... LMC Merit (MBBS) = 84-84 (Karachi Quota) DUHS Merit (BDS) = 78-79 JSMU Merit (BDS) = 72.99 KMDC Merit (BDS) = 75-76 DUHS Self (MBBS) = 79-80 JSMU Self (MBBS) = 78-79 KMDC Self (MBBS) = 75-76 DUHS Self (BDS) = 65+ JSMU Self (BDS) = 71+ KMDC Self (BDS) = 70+ Now Merit will increase or decrease? According to Students today's test was easy. Merit zyada increase ya decrease nahe hoga Q K Last Year Bhi Test Easy Aya tha. Agar Increase Ho bhi jae tu zyada se zyada 1% increase hne k chances hai.


IOBM Admissions 2017-18 ==================== BE Electrical Engineering BS Media Studies BS Accountancy, Management & Law
 PROCEDURE Download the Application from DUHS website (www.duhs.edu.pk) submit it alongwith required documents of eligibility and paid Fee voucher of Rs. 1,500/- only in United Bank Ltd., Baba-e-Urdu Road Branch, Karachi. Prospectus Link http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/Prospectus%20BS%20Biotechnology-20…

 Here are the some tips for tomorrow test. THINGS NEEDED FOR THE TEST > Admit Card (Jin Ko Nahe Mila Hai wo NTS Ke Website Se Print Karwa Le or us per Picture Bhi Lagae)  > ORIGINAL CNIC/Bform  > Pen (Pen wo apna bhi dete hain lekin apna bhi le jae) MARKS DISTRIBUTION AND NEGATIVE MARKING English = 10 Physics = 30 Chemistry = 30 Biology = 30

CSS Examination 2018
Indus University Admissions Fall 2017 (BE,BS,BBA,B.Tec,Diploma)

PAF-KIET Admissions 2017-18 (BS,BSCS,BE,BBA)
QS Asian Universities Ranking 2018 ================================== Punjab = 12 Sindh = 3 KPK & Balochistan = 0... ================= 091 = National University of Sciences And Technology (NUST) Islamabad 103 = Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) 128 = Pakistan Institute of Engineering and Applied Sciences (PIEAS) 133 = Quaid-i-Azam University 190 = COMSATS Institute of Information Technology 193 = University of Karachi 200 = University of Engineering & Technology (UET) Lahore 232 = University of the Punjab 234 = Aga Khan University 271-280 = Institute of Space Technology 291-300 = University of Agriculture, Faisalabad 301-350 = NED University of Engineering and Technology  301-350 = The University of Lahore 301-350 = University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Lahore 351-400 = GC University Lahore 351-400 = Mehran University of Engineering & Technology
Medical Universities Admissions 2017-18 =================  Candidates are advised to submit their objection (if any) up to Friday 20th October 2017 till 12:00noon
SMBBMCL (LMC) Admissions in BDS ============ Interior Students have to download the application form from the link given below and send it to given address through TCS. http://www.duhs.edu.pk/dow…/admission-bds-lyari-20171018.pdf Note :- This form is only for Interior Sindh Candidates.
Medical Universities Eligibility List (Updated) http://www.duhs.edu.pk/updated-eligibility-list-2017/
Medical Universities Admissions 2017-18 ================== List of Eligible Candidates For Admissions in MBBS/BDS 2017-18 http://www.duhs.edu.pk/eligibility-list-2017/

#SSUET Admissions 2017-18 (BBA.MBA,EMBA...) ================= Last Date to Apply = 9th October,2017. Entry test Date = 21st October,2017.
Medical Universities Admissions 2017-18 ================ Jin Candidates ko NTS Ke taraf Se Message Aya Hai  wo List of Candidates Ya Rejected Candidates Main Apna Nam Search Kare, Wahan Remarks K Neche QUERY Likha hga, us click karne k bad new page open hoga, wahan password dal k apne marks waghera correct kar do

Medical Universities Admissions 2017-18 ============== List of those Candidates whose documents were not complete with application form. http://www.duhs.edu.pk/…/mbbs-short%20documents-20171012.pdf Last date to submit short documents is 14th October, 2017.
Karachi University Ne HEC K Faisle Ke Mukhalfat Karte Howe 2 Year Programs (Bsc/Msc/BA/MA/Bcom) Ko Jari Rakhne Ka Failsa Kia Hai. Affiliated Colleges Main 27000 Tulaba or Asatza K Lye Darwaze band Nahe Kar Sakte (Committee)
HEC Entry Test Phase - II Answer Keys http://hec.gov.pk/…/HECAnnou…/Pages/ETC-PII-Answer-Keys.aspx
KMDC Admissions FAQs ==================== 1) Srif 2017 main Inter Ya Imrpove Karne Wale Eligible Hai. 2) Sab Kuch karachi Ka Lazmi hai (Education, Candidate NIC/Bform, Domicile, PRC & Father NIC & Domicile). 3) Form Main Last Line jahan NTS Ka Pucha Hai (Agar Ap ne DUHS Wala FOrm FIll Kia tha tu us me YES Per tick kro or Agar Wo Fill nahe Kia ta tu phir NO Per)... 4) Required Documents Main Admit K bare main likha Hai (Wo Choro, bs Srf ik Page ka Form hai) 5) Required Documents main Point No. 10 (Depuation letter Wala), Ye Un K lye hain Jin ke Education Karachi Se br ke Hai or Unke Parents Govt Employee Hai. 6) Form K last main Dia hai, Just Fill karo. Authorized Signature KMDC Wale karenge. 7) Required Documents main Point no. 13 (Affidavit), KMDC K Samne Stall hoga Wahan Se Mil jaega Wahan Se nahe mila tu KMDC Website Se Sample Nikal K Civic Centre Se banwale. 8) Required Documents main Point no. 14 (Envelops), post Envelops Dene hain or us Pe Apna Address likhna hai. 9) O-level Wale Column Main Matric Ke Details Likhe [Degree = SSC (Matric)], Higher SSC Wale Column Main Inter ke Details [Degree = HSC (Inter)], No of Attemps Srf Wo Log Fill Kare Jinho Ne Imporve Kia hai, Wahan Improvement ke Details likhe. 10) pay Order Kisi Bhi bank Se banwa Sakte Hain.
Medical Universities Admissions 2017-18 ================= List of Candidates has been announced by #NTS For Entry Test. You can check your Roll Number on the link given below... http://nts.org.pk/…/1…/MedUniKarachi_22Oct2017_FL/Search.php
KMDC Admissions 2017-18 ===================== Procedure is very simple KMDC Jaye, Form Le or Fill Kar K Required Documents or 2000 PayOrder Baname KMDC K Jama Kara De. ====================... REQUIRED DOCUMENTS ===================== 1. National identity card of the candidate form NADRA of Karachi with permanent address of Karachi if he/she is above 18 Years or “B” form if he/she is below 18 Years of age is essential. 2. N.I.C. of father from NADRA with permanent address of Karachi. 3. H.S.C Marks sheet. 4. Previous H.S.C Mark sheet (In case of improvement). 5. S.S.C Mark sheet. 6. S.S.C certificate. 7. Candidate’s Domicile and P.R.C of Karachi. 8. Father’s Domicile of Karachi. 9. The domicile certificate of mother (Karachi) shall only be accepted in case where father has expired (No Domicile certificate was issued to him) or there has been remarriage/separation for which a valid document will be needed. 10. In case candidate has passed any one examination S.S.C / H.S.C other then Karachi board he/she will have to produce deputation letter of the respective department of parents (The condition is applicable for those students whose parents are Govt. Employee). 11. Acknowledgement receipt of documents submitted in any other institution for the admission purpose. 12. Six recent passport size photographs. One photo pasted on application form (without attested). Two on admit card (without attestation) and other three photographs attested from the back enclosed with the application form. 13. Undertaking from candidate regarding original documents on stamp paper dully attested by Oath Commissioner is required with Admission form on stamp paper of Rs. 100. 14. Two self-addressed envelopes of Pakistan Post with postage stamp. 15. Receipts of submitting any pertinent document including Domicile, P.R.C or CNIC shall not be accepted. 16. Attested copies of documents will be accepted. ================== Kuch Points hai. Jo Bacho Ko Samjh Me Nahe Arahe hain/ Point No. 11 Ye tu Form Main Last Main Dia Howa Hain. Point No 13.  Affidavit Banwana hai (KMDC K Samne Agar Stall laga Hai tu Wahan Se Mil Jaega) Wahan Se nahe Mila tu Ap Kisi B DC Office Ya Civic Centre Se Banwa Sakte hain. Point No 14 2 Post Envelops (Jo Courier K Lye Use hote Hain, wo wale Envelops) Un Per Address Likhe Dene hain.
#KMDC Update ============ No separate Admit Card will be issued to those who have  already applied for Sindh province Government/ NTS test scheduled to be held on 22nd October, 2017. Admit cards of those who have not filled the form of Sindh province Government/ NTS test, their Admit Cards will be  dispatched through Courier Service by NTS.
 ================= Admission Procedure ================= 1) Make payorder of Rs.3000 in favor of Dawood University of Engineering & Technology Karachi from any bank Purchase prospectus from TCS Express Centers with the payorder, list is present at admissions.duet.edu.pk 2) Open admissions.duet.edu.pk, register yourself first and login with CNIC and password, save your password for onward use 3) Read, Must Read Guidelines, Photoguide present at the left side. After understanding the guidelines click Admission Form, enter prospectus code on page 1 4) Enter your name and father name as per matric certificate fill the form completely and submit it. 5) See the important date table and wait for admit card as per given date 6) Prospectus will be available from Monday 9th October 2017 on the designated TCS Centers 7) Registration of account does not mean form submission, Admission Form is present on the left side menu and will be submitted with prospectus code only. Submit the form in all respect admit card will only be issued to candidates who have submitted admission form completely
#DUHS & #JSMU Pharm-D Admissions 2017-18 ==================== DUHS/JSMU MBBS Form was compulsory for Pharm-D Admission. MBBS Test (22nd October) Score will be accepted for Pharm-D Admissions. There will be no separate test for Pharm-D.... ===== DUHS ===== > Last Date to Apply = 27th October > Entry Test Date = 22nd October (MBBS/BDS Test) > Domicile of Candidate should be from Karachi. > Procedure :-  Print out the application form from the link given below & Submit it in UBL Baba-e-Urdu Road, Branch along with Required Documents (Required documents list is given in the Prospectus) & Application processing fee 1500/- through the given voucher. ===== JSMU ===== > Last Date to Apply = 15th November. > Entry Test Date = 22nd October (MBBS/BDS Test) > Domicile of Candidate should be from Sindh (Include Karachi) > Procedure :-  -You can get the Application Form from HBL JPMC Branch on Payment of Rs.1500/- (both of the form & processing fee). -Application Form alongwith Required Documents & Processing fee voucher of 1500/- should be sent to Admission cell Jinnah Sindh Medical University, Rafiqui H.J Shaheed Road, Karachi upto 15 November 2017 via courier service (TCS).
#KMDC ADMISSIONS 2017-18 (MBBS & BDS) ======================= AT THE TIME OF ISSUANCE OF THE FORM ORIGINAL CNIC/”B” FORM OF THE CANDIDATE WILL BE REQUIRED.  There is only one form for MBBS & BDS candidates.... Rs. 2000/- (Payorder) will be required at the time of submission of form.  Timing for issuance & submission of form is from Monday to Saturday 9:00 a:m to 1:00 p:m.  Last Date to Apply is 14th October,2017. ================== ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA & REQUIRED DOCUMENTS are given in the pictures. You can also check on this Link http://kmdc.edu.pk/applications-are-invited-for-admission-…/
KMDC Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS & BDS) ==================== Last Date to Apply = 14th October. You can get forms from KMDC and have to submit in KMDC with required documents and 2000/= Pay Order. Sindh Provisional Govt (NTS) Test (22nd October Test) is valid for admissions in KMDC. No separate test will be conducted by KMDC.
#DUHS BS Generic Nursing, Post RN & Nursing Aid Entry Test Result has been announced.
KMDC Forms are expected from 6th October. According to sources, Govt Medical Uni Test (22nd October Test) Test Score will be accepted. No separate test will be conducted by KMDC.

Medical Universities Admissions 2017-18 ============= Last date is extended upto 5th October.
REMINDER POST ==================== SINDH MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS 2017-18 ======================== 2 Days Reamining (Last Date to Apply is 3rd October, 2017)... ======================== Check karey Koe Bari Mistake Tu Nahe Ke hai Ap Ne. ===== FORMS  ===== MBBS/BDS K Lye Srf Ye 3 Forms Fill Karne Hai (For Karachi Candidates) 1) NTS Manual (Prospectus Wala)  => NTS Form with 2 Attested CNIC/Bform Copies, 2 Pictures & NTS Paid Fee VOucher K Sath NTS Office Islamabad K Address Per TCS Karna Hai (Address NTS Form K 2nd Page Per Likha Hai) 2) DUHS Manual (Prospectus Wala) => Application Form with 3 Sets Of Documents File Main Laga Kar TCS Office Main Dena Hai, Jahan Se Form Lia tha. 3) DUHS Online (duhs.edu.pk) --------------------------- 4) BDS Form (Interior Sindh Walo Ko #JSMU BDS Ka ik Alag FOrm FIll Karna Hai Jo JSMU Website per Dia Hai)  KARACHI Walo ko BDS Ka Alag Form Fill Karna Lazmi Nahe hai. --------------------------- Pharm-D (DUHS/JSMU) ================== Pharm-D Main Apply karne Walo Ko Uper K 3 Forms Bhi Fill Karne Hain or Uske ELawa 1 or Form Bhi FIll Karna Hai. DUHS K Lye DUHS Website Se Form DOwnload Kar k Print Karwana Hai (Wo FOrm 5 Oct se 27 Oct tak Milenge) JSMU Walo Ko HBL (JPMC Branch) Se FOrm Lena Hai or Wo jama Karana hai (Last Date 15th Nov) ======== PICTURES ========  NTS Form  1 First Page Per Paste Karni hai or 1 2nd page Per Staple Karni hai NTS Form Me Attested Pics Lazmi Nahe Hai. APPLICATION FORM  Jo Form Per Lagani Hai wo Front Se Attested) Uske Elawa File Main Jo Jaga De Hwe Hain Wahan 6 Pictures Lagae (Attested 3 From Front & 3 From Back)  Kisi ne Pictures Zyada Bejh De Hai tu No Problem. ======== VOUCHERS ======== NTS FORM VOCUHERS 1) Bank Copy (Bank Wale Rakhenge) 2) Candidate Copy (Apke Pas Rahegi) 3) NTS Copy (Original Copy NTS Form K Sath Jayege or NTS Copy ke Photocopy Application Form K Sath) ============== Some More FAQs ============== > Online Form Main Koe Mistake howe hai tu Ap LOGIN Kar k EDIT Kar Sakte hain. > 8 Boxes Wala Page Fill Kar K Application Form K Sath lagana Hai. > Agar Father PRC Hai tu Laga De, Nahe Hai tu Chor De. > NTS Ka Koe Online Form Nahe Hai. > CNIC Nahe Hai tu Bform per Apply Kar Sakte hain. > Check List Main Jo Original Admit Card Required Hai, wo Chor De. > Affidavit Abhi Required Nahe hai, wo Admission K Waqt Dena Hota hai.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah University Admissions 2017-18 (BE/BS) Last Date = 12th October
 Correction = DUHS SELF BDS was closed on around 65
MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS =============== Zyada tar Bacho Se ONLINE Form Main Mistakes hoti hain,  Specially Jab wo STEP-2 Per jate hain or unke pas pic nh hoti he tu wo back kar dete hain uske elawa kch candidates ko shak bhi hota hain k unke pic upload howe h ya nh. Is link per Jaye or LOGIN kare... Agar Apki PIC Upload hwe hge tu Wahan Likha hga (Your picture is already in our System) or Agar Nahe hwe hogi tu Wahan UPLOAD PICTURE ka option hoga, wahan se dubara upload kar de. Uske elawa Agar FOrm main Koe Mistake Howe hai wo bhi Ap theek kar sakte hain.
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><> METRIC/INTER/UNI/ADMISSION FORMS <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><> =================== #BSEK METRIC FORMS... =================== #ENROLLMENT FORMS CLass 09th = 15th October, 2017. #EXAMINATION FORMS Class 09th = 08th Sep to 09th Nov Class 10th = 16th Oct to 18th Dec ======================== #BIEK INTERMEDIATE FORMS ======================== #REGISTRATION FORMS  XI Arts & Commerce (Private) & Improvement = 08th October, 2017. #SCRUTINY FORMS XII Pre-Medical = 16th October, 2017. =================== UNIVERSITIES FORMS =================== #REGISTRATION FORMS KU BA. BCOM (Private) = 31st October, 2017. #EXAMINATION FORMS KU BA Part I, Part II & Both Parts (Private) = 13th October, 2017. Ku B.COm (Private) = 06th October,2017. ============================= UNIVERSITIES #ADMISSION FORMS ============================= DUHS/JSMU/LMC (MBBS & BDS) = 03rd October,2017. DUHS (Pharm-D) = 05th to 15th Oct (Also have to fill MBBS Forms) JSMU (Pharm-D) = 15th November (Also have to fill MBBS Forms) KIMS (MBBS) = 23rd October,2017. JSMU Dispensery (1 Year Course) = 0th October,2017. SM Law College (LLB) = Admissions OPpen JMDC (MBBS) = 2nd October Sir Syed Med Clg (MBBS) = 12th October UMDC (MBBS) = 12th October BUMDC (MBBS) = 05th October FJMC (BDS) = 03rd October
KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS DETAILS ======== Morning K Admissions Oct/Nov Main Hote Hain. Evening K Nov/Dec Main. ========...
 Date Record Link... http://www.neduet.edu.pk/admission/data_record_online.html


#KIMS (Karachi Institute of Medical Sciences) Malir  Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS) ===================== Affiliated with #NUMS Last Date to Apply = 24th October ... Fee Structure = 8,00,000 Per Year
HEC Phase-2 Entry Test Roll Number Slips http://hec.gov.pk/…/HECAnnouncem…/Pages/ETC-UG-PII-Test.aspx HEC Syllabus For MEdical Students  http://hec.gov.pk/…/stu…/etc/Documents/ContentWeightages.pdf
NED Admissions 2017-18 Data Record has been updated on NED website. http://www.neduet.edu.pk/admission/data_record_online.html
#JSMU BDS Admissions 2017-18 ============ Karachi Walo Ko Srif Wahe Form Fill Karna Hai Jo MBBS Ka Hai. Interior Sindh Walo Ko Us FOrm K Sath Ye Form Bhi FIll Karna Lazmi Hai (Srf BDS K Lye) http://www.jsmu.edu.pk/…/20170927%20Admission%20Form%20BDS%…
#DUHS & #JSMU Pharm-D Admissions 2017-18 ==================== > Pharm-D main Admission K Lye 22 October Ko Hone Wala MBBS Ka Test Dena Lazmi hai. > So MBBS Wala FOrm Bhi FIll Karna Lazmi hai. > Uske Elawa Pharm-D Ka Alag FOrm Bhi Fill Karna Hai.... > #DUHS Pharm-D Forms 5th October Se Milenge or #JSMU K Kal Se

#JSMU (Jinnah Sindh Medical University)  Admissions For Pharm-D ===================== Prospectus & Application Form will be available from 28th September,2017. Interested candidates should have to appear in the Test of MBBS & BDS (which will be held on 22nd October) Last Date = 15th November
XII PRE-ENGINEERING RESULTS  2016 & 2017 Comparison
#DUET (Dawood University) Admission Process 2017-18 ==================== (HEC TEST Score will not b accepted by DUET)  By order of Govt. of Sindh, DUET has planned its pre-admission test to be conducted in last week of October by National Testing Service (NTS). Online Forms will be available after advertisement coming in 1st Week of October. Test will be conducted on the basis of negative marking. Minimum 20% marks are required to pass the NTS Pre Admission Test. As per polic...y of Govt. of Sindh, HEC Test score shall not be considered for admission at DUET. Admission Procedure: 1. Purchase prospectus from designated TCS branches (list will be available at www.duet.edu.pk) 2. Fill Online application form at www.duet.edu.pk by entering prospectus code 3. Online Admit card will be available on admission portal of student 4. After test merit list will be issued and limited number of students will be called for interview, who have passed pre-admission test and have high CPN. Online interview letters will be available online at the admission portal of selected students. Check www.duet.edu.pk regularly for every update. For further details about categories / eligibility criteria / seat distribution visit duet.edu.pk/admissions
MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS FAQs ================== Q :- Kitne Forms bejhne hain? A :- 1 NTS Ka jo Prosepctus me hain, 1 Application Form (Wo Bhi Prospectus Main hain), 1 Online (Dow Ke Website Per) Q :- NTS K Kitne Forms Fill Karne hain?... A :- Srf 1 Form Jo Prospectus Main Mila hai (Kuch Members ne Aj Uni ja K Admission Cell Se Confirm kia hai) Q :- MBBS or BDS Ka Alag Form hai? A :- 1 Form hai (Kuch Members ne Aj Uni ja K Admission Cell Se Confirm kia hai) Q :- Sets Kitne Bejhne Hain? A :- 3 Sets Q :- Pictures Total Kitni Bejhni Hain? A :- 6 Pictures in Envelop on File (har Set K Sath Agar Alag 6 Bejho tu or Behter Hga) Q :- Pics Kese Attest karni hai? A :- 3 From Front & 3 From back in Each Set. Q :- JSMU or LMC Ka Online Form? A :- Unka Koe Online Form nahe Hai (Yahe DUHS Ka Online Form Fill Karna hai Srf) Q :- Father PRC Lazmi hai? A :- Agar hai tu Laga do Nahe tu Koe Masla nhe he (Aj Ik Member ne Dow Admission Cell Se Confirm Kia hai) Q :- Ap Sahe Guide nahe Karte ho  A :- Apna Page bana Lo, us me ap logo ko sahe guide karo 😂
NTS FORMS Problem For Medical Universities Test ===================== Kal Main Ne Post Kia tha K Koe DMC Se Confirm kar Lena,  Main Ne Subah Call Ke Bht Koshish ke Lekin Kisi ne Nahe Uthaya, 2 DMC K Students Ne Admission Office Se or 2 Bacho ne Call Kar K Pucha, Unho Ne Kaha NTS Ka ik Form Fill Karna Hai, Jo Prospectus Main Maujood hai. So Ik he Form Ab Fill Karey. Is bar Medical Universities Ka Procedure Totally Different Hai or Pata Nahe, EMAILS K Jawabat Kon Deta Hai, Mai ne 2 bar EMAIL Ke, 2no bar Us Ne 2 Forms Ka Kaha. Khud Se Mai Koe Chez Post Nahe Karta Hun.
Yahan DMC Main Campus Ka Koe Student Hai Jo Kal University Ne Ye Bat Confirm kar le Main Call Ke Koshish karunga Lekin Call Wo Aksar Nahe Uthate Hain. 1) NTS K 2 Forms Fill Karne Hain ya 1? 2) Agar 2 NTS Forms Fill Karne Hain tu Dusre Form Ka Procedure Kia Hai. Main ne 2 bar Mail Ke, 2no bar Unho Ne Yahe Kaha k NTS K 2 Forms Fill Karne hain. 1 Member Ne Inbox Main Ik Mail Dikhaya, Jis Main Unho Ne Kaha Hai K NTS Ka Jo DUsra Form hai wo NTS web se Print out Nikal K Fill Karna Hai Phir Wo Scan Kar K NTS K EMail Per Bejhna Hai.
You have to fill both NTS forms  1) Available in Prospectus 2) available on NTS website
Dow University of health Science Admissions For Pharm-D ===================== Prospectus & Application Form will be available from 5th October,2017. Interested candidates should have to appear in the Test of MBBS & BDS (held on 22nd october,2017).

MEDICAL COLLEGES ADMISSIONS QUERIES  ======================== NTS Form K 2nd Page Per INSTRUCTIONS Main Likha Hai K Agar Ap 2 Posts (means MBBS BDS dono) Main Apply Kar rahe hain tu 2 forms NTS bejhe. Main ne DUHS Email Kia K Hamey NTS k 2 Forms Bharne hain? Unho Ne Ye Jawab Dia.
 Or Pictures Ka Har Set K Sath Alag Lagae Q K 3no Check List Main alag Dye Howe Hain.... Or File Main jahan 6 pictures lagane ke jagah hai wahan alag laga de. Zyada Dene se Farq nh parta hai. Kam dene se problem ho Sakti Hai.

 <><><><><><><><><><><><><><> PUBLIC MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES  ADMISSION PROCEDURE 2017-18...



Govt Medical Universities Admissions 2017-18 ================ 1 Bat Ka Khas Khyal Rakhe, Har Saal Aksar bache Ye Galti Kar Jate Hain K NTS Ka Form Universites K Address Per Bejh Dete Hain or Is Sal tu or Zyada Log ye Galti Kar Sakte Hain Q K is Bar Dono FOrm TCS Office Me Jama Karane Hain. Prospectus me 2 Forms Hai  1) Application FOrm (wo Apko Usi TCS Office Main Jama KArana hai Jahan Se Form Lia tha)... 2) NTS Form (NTS Form Apko Islamabad K Address Per Bejhna Hai TCS K Zarye, Address NTS FOrm k 2nd Page Per Diya Howa Hai).  Note :- Agar NTS Form Islamabad Wale Address per Nahe Bejha tu Apka Admit Card nh ayega or AP Phr Test Nh De SKte Hain.
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><> PUBLIC MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES  ADMISSION PROCEDURE 2017-18 <><><><><><><><><><><><><><> ----------------------------------------...
Dawood University (DUET) Admissions 2017-18 ========== Admission Forms will be available in the 1st week of October. Only #HEC Test Score will be acceptable. Passing Marks = 48... No Negative Marking.

Jinnah Medical & Dental College Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS & BDS) ============== Last Date = 02nd Oct Test Date = 06th Oct
Sir Syed College of Medical For Girls Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS & BDS) ============== last Date = 12th oct Test Date = 15th oct
UMDC Admissions 2017-18 ============== Last Date = 12th oct Test Date = 14th Oct

KASBIT Admissions Update

Usman Institute (UIT) Admissions 2017 ========================= Last Date = 20th September Test Date = 23rd September

Bahria University Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS,BDS,DPT) ========================= Last Date = 05 Oct (MBBS,BDS) 22 Nov (Dpt) Test Date = 21 Oct (MBBS,BDS) 02 Dec (Dpt)
Medical Universities Test ================ #KMDC Ka Test Alag Hoga. Baqi Universities Ka Ik Hoga. Complete Procedure me 15th Sep Tak Post Kar Dunga.
Admissions In MBBS & BDS (2017-18) In DUHS, JSMU, LUMHS, PUMHSW, SMBBMU(Larkana), SMBBMC(Lyari) ==================== Prospectus & Form will be available from 15th September in the following branches of TCS given in Advertisement. Last Date = 3rd October.... Entry Test Date = 22nd October. There will be only 1 Test for all universities given above. Entry Test will be conducted by NTS.
Liaquat National Hospital & Medical College Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS) ===================== Forms will be available from 14th September. Last Date of Forms Submission = 25th September.
Karachi University Ka Is bar ONLINE Forms Jari Karne Ka Faisla. Jis Ka Hatmi Faisla Academic Council K Agle Ijlaas Main hoga.
UNIVERSITIES IN WHICH ADMISSIONS ARE OPEN NOW ============================== Dow university of Health Sciences Admissions 2017-18 (BS Nursing, Post RN) Last Date = 11th September Test Date = 24th September... https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/878694728946349/… HAMDARD UNIVERSITY Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS,BDS,Pharm-D,BS,BE,MS....) Last Date = Different for Every Field (Check in the Ad) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/878689618946860/… ISRA University Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS,BDS.DPT,BS,BE,MS....) Last Date = 29th September Test Date = 7th Oct https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/878696542279501/… Liaquat College of Medicine & Dentistry Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS & BDS) Last Date = 20th Sep. Test Date = 7th Oct https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/878687138947108/… Fatima Jinnah Dental College Admissions 2017-18 (BDS) Last Date = 3rd Oct. Test Date = 6th Oct https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/878685042280651/… JINNAH University For Women (Pharm-D,BS,BEMS,BBA,MS....) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.646847335464…/872030416279447/… Baqai University Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS,BDS,Pharm-D) Last Date = 16th September,2017. Test Date = 17th September,2017. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/867108400104982/… UNITED MEDICAL & DENTAL COLLEGE Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS) Last Date = 12th October Test Date = 14th October. #Dawood University & #FMDC (By HEC) Last Date = 10th Sep Test Date = 30th Sep or 1 Oct (Expected)
ISRA University Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS,BDS.DPT,BS,BE,MS....) Last Date = 29th September Test Date = 7th Oct
Dow university of Health Sciences Admissions 2017-18 (BS Nursing, Post RN) Last Date = 11th September Test Date = 24th September.
HAMDARD UNIVERSITY Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS,BDS,Pharm-D,BS,BE,MS....) Last Date = Different for Every Field (Check in the Ad)
UNITED MEDICAL & DENTAL COLLEGE Admissions 2017-18 Last Date = 12th October Test Date = 14th October.
Liaquat College of Medicine & Dentistry Admissions 2017-18 (MBBS & BDS) Last Date = 20th Sep. Test Date = 7th Oct
Fatima Jinnah Dental College Admissions 2017-18 (BDS) Last Date = 3rd Oct. Test Date = 6th Oct
#NED Revised Schedule For Admissions 2017-18 Last date for entering HSC (or equivalent) Marks is 21ST September 2017.
Some Questions Regarding HEC Test =============== Q :- Karachi University Ka Test HEC Legi? A :- Is Per Abi tak Final Faisla Nhe Howa hai. Q :- HEC Test K 2nd Phase Main Kon Se Universities Inculde hai?... A :- Karachi Main Dawood University. iske Elawa #FMDC (Govt Medical Uni Hai Islamabd main Jis Main Karachi Ke Seats Bhi hai) Q :- Medical Universities Ka Test Kon Lega? A :- Next ijlaas Main FInal Faisla Hoga. --------- #HEC Entry test (2nd Phase) main Apply Karne K Lye Is Link per Jae. http://hec.gov.pk/…/HECAnnouncements/Pages/ETC-Phase-II.aspx

====================== MEDICAL FIELDS DETAILS ====================== Picture Main har Univeristy k Medical Fields Dye gaye hain (Required Intermediate % K Sath K Sath) Picture Main Kae Fields K Naam Shortcut Main Dye Hwe hain, Complete names Last main Dye Gaye Hain.... Ye Srf Medical Fields hai, inke Elawa or bhi Aesi FIelds hain Jo K Medical Ke Nahe Hai Lekin Medical K Students Un Fields Main Apply Kar Sakte hain. #BBA Taqreban har University Main Hai. #KU Ke Details Is Link Per Dekhe https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/820946924721130  Picture main Jo FIelds De Hwe hai wo Srf Medical Ke Hai Unke Elawa KU Main Medical K Students or Kon Kon Se FIelds Main Apply Kar Sakte hain Uske Details Is Link Per ELigibilty Criteria Main Dekhe or Apne % K Hisab Se FIeld Select kare Is Link Main last Year ke Closing List Bhi De hwe Hain. #KU K Visual Studies K Lye bhi 45% Required Hai or Medical Wale Us Me Apply Kar Sakte hain, VS Ke Details Bhi Uper Dye Gaye #KU K link Per Maujood Hai. (VS K Admissions Main Aggregate Bnta hai Is Lye Ap Jitna Acha test karoge Utne Apke Chances Zyada Hnge) #Govt Colleges Se BSc BCom or BA Ya Private BCom or BA Bhi Ho Sakta Hai (Agar Is Sal ye Programs Khtm Nh Kye Gye tu) ======================= Ab Sawal Ye Hai K Is % Per Apply tu kar Sakte Hain Lekin Is Per Admission Hoga ya Nahe. #DUHS, JSMU, KMDC or LMC In Me Aggregate Bnta hai, Aggregate (10% Matric + 40% Inter + 50% Test Score)  Aggregate Nikalne Ka Tareeqa (Matric Ke % Ko 0.1 Se Multiply Kare, Inter ke 0.4 Se or Test Marks Ko 0.5 Se Phir Teeno Ko Add kare) For Example :- Ik Student Ke Matric % 80 Hai, Inter Ke 70% or Test Main 80 marks Leta hai. (80x0.1 + 70x0.4 + 80x0.5 = 76 Aggregate)  Note :- DUHS, JSMU or LMC Main Srf Science Subjects Ke Percentage Dekhi Jati Hai. So Jitni Apki Inter % Km Hge utna Apko test Main Zyada Score karna Parega, Agar 70% Wala Test main 80+ Score Krega tu Uska Acha Chance hga MBBS/BDS Main (Ye Bht Mushkil hai Lekin Na-Mumkin Nahe) #KU, FUUAST or NED Main Inter % Per Admissions Hote hain SO Us main apko Last Year Closing K Hisab Se Field Select  Krni Hte Hain Uske Details Is Link Per Dekhe. https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/828752287273927 #Private Universites Main bhi Mostly Aggregate Bnta Hai. ======================= And Last Option is Improvement =======================
Karachi University Ka Ijlaas Entry Test HEC Se Karane or 2 Years Programs Khatam Karne Per Taa-Hal Hatmi Faisla Na Ho Saka. Is Hawale Se Committee Bana De Gae Hai, Jo Apne Sifarshat Agle Ijlaas Main Pesh Karegi.
#NUMS Entry Test Result http://nts.org.pk/…/082017/NatUniMedSci_27082017…/Search.php
Congratulations to All those Students who have Passed Intermediate their Pre-Medical Exams. Jo Fail Howe Hain, wo Agli Baar K Lye Mehnat Karey, In Shaa Allah Isi Main Kher Hoga. (The Best Teacher is your Last Mistake) Insaan Hamesha Apni Ghaltio Se He Seekhta Hai. Lekin Dubara Wahe Ghalti Karna Na-Kaam Logo Ke Nishani Hai.... So Apna Time Social Media or BF/GF Per Waste Na Karey. Social Media Use Karey lekin kuch had tak, Isko Apni Zindagi Ka Maqsad Mat Banaey. Jin Ke Kam Percentage Ae Hai, Unke Lye Options Bht Hain, Zindagi Srf MBBS or Engineering Pe Khatam Nahe Hoti Hai, Field Ka Scope Khud Banana Parta . Aese Log Bhi Hote Hain Jo ik choti se field ko aese parhte hn K Unke Zindagi Doctors or Engineers Se B Behter Hojati Hain. Kam Percentage Walo K Lye Jo Options Hai wo Main Bht Jald Post Kar Dunga.

Karachi University Ka Entry Test NTS K bajae HEC K Tahet Karane K Lye Ijlaas Talab Kar Liya Gaya Hai. Ijlaas Main Colleges Main 2018 Se BA, Bcom or BSc K Khatam Karne Per Bhi Ghor Kia Jaega.
MEDICALL COLLEGES ADMISSIONS ================== Medical Colleges Lye Centralized Admission Policy Tayar, Jis K Tahet Sindh K Tamam Medical Universities Ka ik Test Hoga. Forms 15th September K Bad Jari Kye Jaenge. Taaham ye Faisla Hatmi Nahe.... Is Hawale Se Hatmi Faisla Agle ijlas Main Kia Jayega.
#HEC Entry Test Result (Held on 13th August,2017) http://hec.gov.pk/…/HECAnnounce…/Pages/ETC-CAT-M-Result.aspx

#HEC Result has been Announced (held on 12th August) http://hec.gov.pk/…/HECAnnounce…/Pages/ETC-CAT-E-Result.aspx
#NED Entry Test 2017-18 Statistics  (With Last Year Statistics)
#NED UPDATE ============ Jin Candidates Ka NED Test Fail hai or HEC Test Pass hai, wo Apni ID main HEC Result Update Kar De


 PDF File Link  http://www.neduet.edu.pk/admission/index.html
"HEC Problem Solved" Good News For those students who will apply for FMDC. Now you can reappear in next test. Note :- Ye Test Medical or Engineering wale dono de sakte hain.... #FMDC is lye Mention Kia Q K FMDC Ka Masla Chal Raha tha is bare me. #NED Srif 12 or 13 August Wala Score Accept karegi.
#NED Notice Reagrding Admit Cards For Those Candidates who have a Problem in Upload Picture
#HEC ENtry Test Answer Keys =========== http://hec.gov.pk/…/…/etc/Pages/ETC-Phase-I-Answer-Keys.aspx
#DUHS Admissions 2017-18 For BS Nursing Generic Post RN BSN  =============... Last Date to Apply = 11th September,2017. Entry Test Date = 24th September,2017.

 FEE Structure  http://ssuet.edu.pk/admissions/charges/ For Online Application http://ssuet.edu.pk/admissions/online-admission/

#FMDC Admissions 2017-18 ====================== > Test will be conducted by HEC (ETC). > Last Date = 31st August > Expected Test Date = 23rd September,2017. SEATS  Sindh (Urban) = 6  Sindh (Rural) = 9
Q :- HEC Test Ke Answer Key Kab Ayege or Result Kab Ayega?  A :- HEC ke taraf se announce howa tha k ANswer Keys Test Wale Din Rat Tak Jari Kar De Jayege, Lekin Abhi tak Nh Ae. Test Result K hawale se Announce howa tha k 72 Ghante Bad Result Jari Kiya Jayega, 12th Ko Hone Wale test k 72 Ghante Kal Pore Hngey, So Kal Dekhte Hain K Ata Hai Ya Nahe.
#HEC Registration is OPEN Again For Entry Test (For Medical & Engineering Categories) ================== But Only For those Candidates  who have not registered for tests conducted on 12 & 13 August 2017.... Note :- Those Students who registered for Medical category in July mistakenly they can only register in Engineering and similarly those who had registered previously for Engineering they can only register for Medical Category​. Online Application submission deadline August 31, 2017. Apply online at  http://etc.hec.gov.pk
Medical Universities Test Update ========= According to Kawish Newspaper (A Sindhi Newspaper) Is Bar Sindh ke Tamam Medical Universities Ka Test ik Hoga. Test NTS Nahe Legi.... TEST Dow University Banaege. Forms will be issued after 15th September. Expected Test Date = 22nd October.
#NED Admit Card Update ================= 1. All such candidates who have not yet received their admit cards should note that admit cards will only be issued after payment of fee and uploading proper photo as per guidelines provided at http://www.neduet.edu.pk/…/10-07-20…/Photogrph-guideline.pdf.... Photographs with following attributes will not be accepted. i. Photographs taken with a background other than white background ii. Candidate dressed in an informal dress iii. Candidate dressed in school/college uniform iv. Candidates dress which carry a logo or sign of any commercial entity or a product v. Photo cropped from another large size photo or taken through selfie vi. Photo which is of full or semi height of the candidate vii. Poorly scanned or poor quality or light shades Note: Candidates in their own interest should ensure to upload proper photo so as their admit cards issued immediately; otherwise, they will not be able to appear in the test. 2. Due to some maintenance of IT system, NED University website will not be functional from 12th August, 2017 at 1700 hrs. till 14th August, 2017. Any candidate who may not receive the admit card till that time, may get it after 14th August, 2017

HEC Entry Test  ============ > Kuch Candidates ka Test Kal hai or Kuch Ka Perso. > Test K lye Apna Original Admit Card or Apna ORIGINAL CNIC Ya ORIGINAL Bform ya Passport Zarur Le Jaye. > Admit Card Per Apni Picture Zarur Paste karey.... > Jin bacho Ko Admit Card Nahe Mila Hai wo HEC Ke Website Se Download Kar K Print Karae (Unko bhi Us Slip Per Picture Lagana Lazmi hai) > Ik Pencil, Ball Pen or Clip board Bhi Le Kar Jae. > Reporting Time Tak Apko Centre Main Puhunchna Hai. > Mobile Phone/Calculator Allow Nahe Hai. > Negative Marking K bare Main Wahan Question Paper Per Likha hoga Ya wo Apko Bata Denge.

SECCAP 2017-18 (Admission Procedure For XI in Govt Colleges) ============= Last Date of Form Submission = 24th August, 2017. =============... > Jin Bacho Ne Matric Karachi Board Se Kiya Hai, wo Is Link Per Online Form Fill Karey http://edusystem.sindheducation.gov.pk:8083/…/seccap_form.a… ------------ > Jinho ne Other Boards Se Kia Hai wo Neche Dye Gaye Links Se Form DOwnload Karey or Fill Kar K Director COlleges K Office, Shahrah-e-Liaquat Near Urdu Bazar Main Jama Karaye. > Interior Sindh Wale Apna FOrm yahan Se Download Kar k Print Krwae http://edusystem.sindheducation.gov.pk:8083/…/seccap-interi… > Other Boards (Technical Board, O-Level etc) Wale Yahan Se Form Download Kar k Print Krwae http://edusystem.sindheducation.gov.pk:8083/…/seccap-other-… ========= FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS  ========= Q :- Kia Ham Online FOrm K bagher COllege Main Form Jama Kara Sakte Hain? A :- Nahe, Karachi Board Walo k lye Form Srif Online Hai. Q :- District or Town Kiya Hai? A :- Ye Ap Jahan Rehte Hain, Wahan K town or District Ka Naam Likhna Hai. Q :- Colleges Kese Select karey? A :- Ek Form Main Ap 5 Colleges K Naam Likh Sakte Hain Colleges K Naam Apko Last Year Closing Marks K Hisaab Se Likhne Hain. Is Saal CLosing Marks Increase Bhi Ho Sakte Hain or Decrease bhi. Is Lye Lazmi Nahe K Last Year Jo Ap K Marks Se Kam Per CLose Howa tha usme apka Admission lazmi hoga. Apko Admissions Colleges K Sequence Se Milega For Example :- Aap 1st Column Main Jis COllege Ka Naam Likhoge, Pehle us me dekha jaega, Agar us me apka ho raha hoga tu apko us me Admission de dia jaega, Us Me Nahe Ho raha hga tu phir 2nd College Dekha jaega, is k bad 3rd....... (My Suggestion = Koshish karo k first 2 colleges main Aap Aese Colleges K Nam Likho Jis Main Ap Admission Lena Chahte ho  Baqi 3 Main Apne Marks Se Kam Wale Main Likho ta k agr first 2 me nh hwa tu us me hjae) Q :- Colleges ke CLosing Marks or COde Kahan Se Dekhey? A :- http://edusystem.sindheducation.gov.pk:8083/…/college-infor… ==================== Iske Elawa Zahen Main Koe Question ho tu Puch le me Answer is Post Main Update Kar Dunga. ===================== NOTE :- Post Apne Nam Se Copy/Paste Kar Sakte Hain (Is Sentence K Sath) 😂😂😂
#NUMS List of Candidates  http://nts.org.pk/…/Lis…/082017/NUMS_Aug17_ElgRej/Search.php
HEC Entry Test Update =========== > Apna Centre Is Link Per Check Karey http://hec.gov.pk/…/ser…/students/etc/Pages/ETC-Phase-I.aspx > Jin Logo Ko Admit Card Mila hai wo us Per Picture Zarur Lagaye.... > Jin Logo Ko Abhi Tak Nahe Mila hai, 3,4 din me mil jaega. Agar Admit card Nahe Mila tu Uper Dye Gaye Link Per Janey K bad Apna CNIC Number dale tu apke Information show hojaege. us Informatiion ka Print Kara K Admit Card Ke Jagah Pe Le Jana Hai. > Test Main Calculator Allow Nahe hai. > Test K Din Apke Pas Original CNIC ya Bform Ya Passport Zarur Hona Chahye. > Entry Test Pattern  http://hec.gov.pk/…/Docum…/HAT/HAT-UG-PAPER-DISTRIBUTION.pdf

HEC Entry Test Update ================ Kuch Candiates Ko Admit Cards Mil Chuke Hain, Jis Me Pre-Engineering Ke Test Date 12th August Mention Hai. Pre-Medical Ke shyd 13th August Ho. Baqi Groups Walo Ka Bhi in 2 dino me lia jaega.
************************************************ UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS 2017-18 ************************************************ Everything is available in thi...s Post regarding Universities Admissions (Please Check This Post Before Asking Anything Related Universities Admissions) ★ Universities In Which Admissions are Open (will Update every week in this Post) ★ Universities Admissions Details (Eligibility, Merit Criteria, Test Pattern, Closing Percentages etc) ★ Past Entry Test Papers of Universities ★ Anees Hussain Coaching Centre Notes for MCAT ★ How to Prepare for Entry Test  ================================= UNIVERSITIES IN WHICH ADMISSIONS ARE OPEN NOW  ================================= NED Univeristy (Last Date = 11th August) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.57393510940…/1116171105180741/… NUMS (Army Medical College) Last Date = 31st July https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/843853009097188/… IHM- DUHS (BBA/MBA) (Last Date = 31st July) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/843863202429502/… KASBIT  https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/856981307784358/… ========================== OTHER UNIVERSITIES EXPECTED MONTHS FOR ENTRY TEST ========================== DUHS/JSMU = October KMDC = October SMBBMCL = October NED = 19th August DUET = October Private Medical COlleges = Sep/Oct SSUET = Oct/Nov Karachi University = Morning (Oct/Nov) Evening (Nov/Dec) Federal Urdu University = Morning (Oct/Nov) Evening (Nov/Dec) ============== UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS DETAILS ============== ----------------- |DUHS/JSMU| ----------------- ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/827893294026493/ ?type=3 REQUIRED DOCUMENTS https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/827894404026382/ ?type=3 ENTRY TEST PATTERN Physics = 30 Chemistry = 30 Biology = 30 English = 10 --------- |KMDC| --------- ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA & REQUIRED DOCUMENTS https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/828463417302814 ENTRY TEST PATTERN Physics = 30 Chemistry = 30 Biology = 30 English = 10 ------------------ |SMBBMCL(LMC)| -------------------- ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA & REQUIRED DOCUMENTS https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/828459270636562 ENTRY TEST PATTERN Physics  = 30 Chemistry = 30 Biology = 30 English = 10 SEATS DITRIBUTION https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/828460937303062/ ?type=3&theater LAST YEAR CLOSING AGGREGATE https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/823198207829335/ ?type=3 -------- |NED| -------- ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA & Merit Criteria https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/820888468060309/ ?type=3 REQUIRED DOCUMENTS https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/807216492760840/ ?type=3&theater ENTRY TEST PATTERN Physics = 25 Chemistry/Computer Science = 25 Maths/Biology = 25 English = 25 FEE STRUCTURE https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5739351094043…/864512530346601/? type=3&theater SEATS DITRIBUTION https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=864506010347253 CLOSING PERCENTAGES (2014 & 2015) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/820644194751403/ ?type=3 -------------------- |Dawood University (DUET)| -------------------- ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA http://duet.edu.pk/eligibility-criteria/ ENTRY TEST PATTERN & FEE STRCUTURE https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/824227957726360/ ?type=3 SEATS DITRIBUTION http://duet.edu.pk/scheme-and-categories/ --------------------------------- UNIVERSITY OF KARACHI COMPLETE DETAILS --------------------------- https://www.facebook.com/EducationInKarachiUAU/posts/820946924721130 ==================== ANEES HUSSAIN COACHING CENTRE NOTES ==================== ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT 1st Year (Biology) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=641635442652280 ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Biology) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=637708756378282 ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 1st Year (Chemistry) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=636859133129911 ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 1st Year (Physics) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=634004393415385 ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Biology) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=633181613497663 ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Chemistry) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=632386953577129 ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Physics) https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=632058380276653 =========================== PAST PAPERS OF UNIVERSITIES =========================== -------------------- |DUHS/JSMU| ------------------- DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2016 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=822241891258300 DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2015 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=822440617905094 DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2014 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=824250244390798 DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2013 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=824251107724045 DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2012 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=824254534390369 DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2011 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=824254711057018 DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2010 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825386507610505 DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2009 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825389910943498 DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2007 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825393364276486 DMC/SMC Entry Test Paper 2005 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825399170942572 ---------------------- |SMBBMCL(LMC)| ----------------------- LMC Entry Test Paper 2016 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825401517609004 LMC Entry Test Paper 2015 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825406334275189 LMC Entry Test Paper 2014 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=825408740941615 LMC Entry Test Paper 2013 ------------ |KMDC| ------------ KMDC Entry Test Paper 2016 https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=821564487992707 ------------ |NED| ------------ English https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=630891003726724 Mathematics https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=630895940392897 Physics https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=630901267059031 Chemistry https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=630885113727313 ----------------------- FAST UNIVERSITY ------------------------ https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=643120235837134 ------------------------- Vocabulary For MCAT/ECAT/BCAT ---------------------- https://www.facebook.com/pg/EducationInKarachiUAU/photos/?tab=album&album_id=643131312502693 ============================= HOW TO PREPARE FOR ENTRY TEST  ============================= ★ 1 Time Table Bana Ley, Jis Main Test Se 1 Mahina Pehle Apka Course Khatam Hoajye or Last Month Main Ap Srf  Revision karey. For Example : Medical walo k liey All Subjects me 66 chapters Hai, or Medical Universities K Tests  September/October Main Shoro Ho Jatey Hai Tu Un K Pas 4 Mahine Hain Ager Wo 2 din Main 1 Chapter Parhengey Tu Unka  Course Asani Se Complete Ho Jaye ga or Revision K liey Ik Mahina Bhi Mil Jaye ga, Isi Tarah BCAT or ECAT Wale Bhi  Apne liey Time Table Bana ley. Har Chapter K Parhne K Bad Kam Se Kam 3 Differnet MCAT or ECAT K Books Se Us Chapter K MCQS Solve Karey or  Numericals Ke Practrice Itni Karey K Aap Har Numerical Ik Mint Main Without Calculator Solve Kar Sakey Q k MCAT  Walo K liye Test Main Calculator Allow Nahe Hota Hai. (Numericals Ke Practice Jitni Zyada Karoge Utna AP Kam Time  Mai SOlved Kar Paoge, Phir Kisi Trick Ke Zarurat Nahe hogi APko) ★ Text Books Per Zyada Tawajja Dey, 50% Se Zyada Bache Inter Main Books Dekhte Bhi Nahe Hain Srf Notes ko Follow  Karte Hain, Abhi Aap books Dekhenge tu Pta CHal Jaeya K Text Books Kitne Kaam Ke CHeez hai. ★ English Subject K liye Daily Vocabulary K 10 Words Yad Karey or Apna Grammar Acha karey. ★ Physics Mai Jo TOpics Samjh Nahe Arahe ho Wo Pehle Class 10th K Book Mai Dekha Karey, Class 10th K Book Main  Physics K Kuch Topics Ko Bht Ache Tariqe Se Explain Kia Gaya Hai. ★ Biology Mai Kuch Terms Aese Hote Hain Jin Ko Yad Karna Mushkil Hota Hai, Us K Lye Mnemonics Use Kia Karo.  Mnemonic Means Kisi Chez Ko Yad Rakhne K Lye Asaan Tariqa.  For Example :- Taxonomy K CLassification Main Zyada Tar Log COnfuse Ho Jate Hain Hain, Is K Lye Sir Nabeel Ne Hamey  Ik Mnemonic Bataya Tha (Khan PCO For Gup Shup). Khan Ka Pehla Lafz K Hai Or K Se Kingdom Ata Hai, Isi Tarah Baqi  WOrds Bhi Hain. ( Khan = Kingdom, P = Phylum, C = Class, O = Order, For = Family, Gup = Genus, Shup = Species). Is  Tarah Khud Soch Kar Menomics Banaya Karey. ★ Ager Apko Koe MCQ Ya Numerical Nahe Ata Ho Tu Inbox Main Puch Lya Karo Ager Mujhe Uska Jawab Ata Hoga Tu Me Bata  Dunga or Ager Mujhe Nahe Ata Hoga Tu Page Per Post Kar Dunga Koe Or Jawab De Dega. ======================= HOW TO CALCULATE AGGREGATE ====================== Medical Universities Main Aggregate per Admissions Hote Hain Means 10% Matric, 40% Intermediate & 50% Entry Test  Marks Mila K Merit banta Hai. Aggregate Malom Karne Ka Tareeqa :- Matric % x 0.1 + Inter % x 0.4 x Entry test Marks x 0.5 = Aggregate For Example :- Apke Matric Main 80% hai, Inter Main 74% Hai or Test Main 75 Marks Lete ho tu Apka Aggregate Aese  Niklega 80 x 0.1 = 8 74 x 0.4 = 29.6 75 x 0.5 = 37.5 8 + 29.6 + 37.5 = 75.1 Aggregate Bana Apka. Is tarah Test Main Zyada marks lenge tu Aggregate or Barhega.
KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS DETAILS ======== Morning K Admissions Oct/Nov Main Hote Hain. Evening K Nov/Dec Main. ========...
Universities in which Admissions are OPEN Now ========= NUMS (Army Medical College) Last Date = 31st July https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/843853009097188/ ?type=3 IHM- DUHS (BBA/MBA) (Last Date = 31st July) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/843863202429502/ ?type=3&theater KASBIT  https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/856981307784358/ ?type=3&theater
NED UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2017-18 ================ Last Date to Apply = 11th August Entry Test Date = 19th August  ----... Advertisement  https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1101855046612347/ ?type=3&theater ---- Online Admission FOrm Link http://admissions.neduet.edu.pk/admissions/user_login.jsp ---- Guidelines For Entry Test https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1104062009724984 ---- Guidelines For Photograph https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1104063796391472/ ?type=3&theater ---- Eligibility Criteria https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/820888468060309/ ?type=3&theater ---- Closing Percentages  2016 NED UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2017-18 ================ Last Date to Apply = 11th August Entry Test Date = 19th August  ---- Advertisement  https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1101855046612347/ ?type=3&theater ---- Online Admission FOrm Link http://admissions.neduet.edu.pk/admissions/user_login.jsp ---- Guidelines For Entry Test https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1104062009724984 ---- Guidelines For Photograph https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1104063796391472/ ?type=3&theater ---- Eligibility Criteria https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/820888468060309/ ?type=3&theater ---- Closing Percentages 2014 & 2015 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/820644194751403/ ?type=3&theater ---- Required Documents https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1104063449724840/ ?type=3&theater ---- Frequently Asked Questions https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1104062479724937 ---- Seats Distribution https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1104061076391744 ---- Online FOrm Fiiling Procedure (Video) https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/videos/1104067293057789/ 2014 & 2015 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/820644194751403/ ?type=3&theater ---- Required Documents https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1104063449724840/ ?type=3&theater ---- Frequently Asked Questions https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1104062479724937 ---- Seats Distribution https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1104061076391744 ---- Online FOrm Fiiling Procedure (Video) https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/videos/1104067293057789/



KASBIT ADMISSIONS FALL 2017

Liaquat National Hospital Admissions 2017-18 =========== BS Nursing Post RN BSN Diploma in Nursing (3 Years)... Diploma in Midwifery Diploma in Cardiac Nursing  Last Date For Diploma Programs 26 August Last Date For Degree Programs 4th November)
Ziuaddin University Admissions 2017-18 =========== BS Nursing Post RN BSN MS Nursing... Diploma in Nursing Diploma in Midwifery
Ziauddin University Admissions 2017-18 ========= Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS) Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D)... BS Audiology & Speech Language Therapy (BS ASLT) Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) Bachelor of Science, Communication & Media Studies (BS CMS) Bio-Medical Engineering (BE BME) Bachelor of Science, Medical Technology (BS MT) Bachelor of Software Engineering (BS SE) Bachelor of Science, Electrical Technology (BS EL-TECH) Associate Degree in Medical Technology Diploma in Medical Technology Eligibility & Fee Structure Details are available on this link http://admission.zu.edu.pk



Do not take Admission in PIMSAT (HEC)
HEC ENTRY TEST UPDATE ======= Entry Test Date = 5 & 6 August Total Candidates= 66000 Test Centres In Karachi = NED & MAJU

Sindh K Taleemi Idaro Main Manshiaat K Phelne K Khilaf Iqdam Ka Faisla Tamam taleemi Idaro Main Tulaba K Blood Test Kye Jaenge. Govt Schools Ka Kharcha Govt Bardasht karegi Jabke Private Schools Ko Hidayat Denge Saal Main Ik bar Har bache K Blood test Ke Policy Mutarif Karey. (Wazir-e-Alaa Sindh)
Some Questions Related to HEC Entry Test ========== Q) Meri Registration Reh Gae Hai Ab Main Kia Karun? A) Ab Kuch Nahe Ho Sakta, Agar Date Extend Hogae tu Phir Ho Sakta hai. Jo Universities HEC Test Accept Kar Rahe Hai, Un Main Se Moslty Apna Test Bhi Legi Like NED Jo APna Test Bhi Le Rahe Hai.... Filhal Srif Dawood University Walo ne ANnounce Kia hai K Wo APna Test Nh Legi Is Lye DUET K Lye HEC Test Lazmi Hai. Baqi Universites Ne APna Criteria Abhi Tak Jari Nahe Kia Hai. Q) Karachi University or KMDC Ka Test HEC Legi Ya Nahe? A) HEC K Jo RUles Baney Hain Us K mutabiq HEC Alehda Koe Test Nahe Legi. Abhi Jo Test Hoga HEC Ka Wo Test Score Different Universites Main Accept Hoga. KMDC or KU Ka Naam List Main nahe tha is lye Mushkil hai K ye dono universities HEC Test Score Accept Karey. Karachi University K Admissions K DIrector Ne Ik Interview Main Bola tha k KU Ka Test HEC Legi lekin Koe Official Notification jari Nahe Howa. Isi tarah KMDC Ne Mayor Karachi Se Ijazat mangi thi Us K Bad Ke Koe Update Nh Ae. (Lekin Ehtiat K Lye Dena Behter Hai) Q) Test Kab Hoga? A) Test Date Abhi Announce Nh Hwe Hai. Q) Test Kahan Hoga? A) DIfferent Universites or Govt COlleges Main Hoga. Q) Hamey Test Date Ka Kese Pata CHalega? A) Jo Number Ap ne Form Main DIa Hai Us pe Msg Ayega. Q) Admit Card Kese Ayega? A) Admit Card Apke Address Per Mail Kia Jaega Ya ID Pe Send Kr Dia Jaega. Q) ENtry Test Pattern? A) Page Per Post Kia Hai.
Ma'azrat Chahta hun Un Tamam Logo Se Jin ko HEC Forms K Doran Main Reply Nahe De Saka. Is Bar Kuch Personal Problems Ke Waja Se Time Nahe Mila. Lekin Phir Bhi Koshish Ke Jo Problems Zyada Arahe they Uske Asnwers Post Kar Dye The.
HEC APPLICATION PROBLEMS ========== Jahan Tak Mai Ne Dekha HEC K Form Main Bacho Se Srif 2 Mistakes Ho Rahe Hain 1) Matric Ke Details Main Apko Institute wale option main BSE Karachi Likhna hai. Inter Ke Details Main Apko Institute wale option main BIE Karachi Likhna hai.... 2) Aksar Apply For Test Wale Option per Tick Karne K Bad Uper Ata Hai "You are not eligible........" us ka reason EDUCATION Details ap ne pori nh de hoti hai. . in 2 Mistakes K Elawa Mostly Jo Bhi Errors Arahe hain wo Website Problem Hai  Uska ik he Solution Hai Bar Bar Try karo  Different browsers Se Try karo

#KMDC Update I think there is a difference between "IJAZAT TALAB KE" and "IJAZAT DEDI/ELAAN KAR DIYA" KMDC Ke taraf se abhi Srf Ijazat Mangi Gae Hai Mayor Karachi Se. (HEC Test K Lye)
KMDC Principle Ka Mayor Karachi Ko Khat Entry Test NTS K Bajae HEC K Tahet Lene K Lye Ijazat Talab Kar Le.

NED UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2017-18 ================ Last Date to Apply = 11th August Entry Test Date = 19th August  ----... Advertisement  https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1101855046612347/ ?type=3&theater ---- Online Admission FOrm Link http://admissions.neduet.edu.pk/admissions/user_login.jsp ---- Guidelines For Entry Test https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/1104062009724984 ---- Guidelines For Photograph https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1104063796391472/ ?type=3&theater ---- Eligibility Criteria https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/820888468060309/ ?type=3&theater ---- Closing Percentages 2014 & 2015 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.5695921598566…/820644194751403/ ?type=3&theater ---- Required Documents https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/1104063449724840/ ?type=3&theater ---- Frequently Asked Questions https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1104062479724937 ---- Seats Distribution https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1104061076391744 ---- Online FOrm Fiiling Procedure (Video) https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/videos/1104067293057789/





Problem Related to HEC Online Application ============== Jin Members Ko SIGN IN Main Problem Ho Rahe Hai, wo Direct Link Per Na Jaye  Balke Ye Process Follow karey. hec.gov.pk per Jaye... Wahan LATEST ANNOUNCEMENTS Main Registration is Open for Entry Test for Admissions in Undergraduate... Per Click Karey Wahan Se APPLY ONLINE wale Link Per CLick Karey Phir Problem Nahe Karega.
 Form Ka link ye hai  http://eportal.hec.gov.pk/hec-portal-web/auth/login.jsf
HEC FORM FILLING PROCEDURE FOR ENTRY TEST =========== (STEP - 1) Is Link Per Jaye or Register Karey (Apka CNIC Nahe tu Apna Bform Number Daley) http://eportal.hec.gov.pk/hec-portal-web/auth/register.jsf... Apni Details Dey, Jo Number Ap Denge Us Pe Ik COde Ayega wo Daley or Jo EMail Ap Denge us pe Bhi Ik COde Ayega wo  (STEP-2) Is Link Per Jaye or SIGN IN Karey http://eportal.hec.gov.pk/hec-portal-web/auth/login.jsf (STEP-3) SIGN IN Karne K Bad New Page Ajaega, Us Main My Profile Per Click kare, Wahan PERSONAL DEATILS Wala Page Fill Karey, Then NEXT Per Click Karey. Phir CONTACT Wala Page Fill Karey, Phir NEXT Per Click Karey. Then EDUCATION Wala Page Fill Karey (apni Matric or Intermedaite Ke Deatils Deni Hai) , Phir SAVE & CLOSE Per CLick  iv) HAT- UG-CS (12 years/ equal Education in Computer Science Group) 3) TEST CITY (Jis City main Ap Test Dena Chahte Hain Wo Likhe) Ye Aajega (YOUR REQUEST HAS BEEN SUBMITTED SUCCESSFULLY)  NOTE :- Entry Test Date Announce hoga tu Apko HEC ke taraf se Text Ajaega. or Admit Card Ghar Pe Ya EMAIL Pe Ayega.

Dawood University Admissions 2017-18 Update ======== DUET Apna Koe Test Nahe Legi, So Jo Bache DUET Main Apply Karna CHahte Hain wo HEC Ka Test Zarur Dey.
Institute of Health Management (DUHS) Admissions 2017-18 For BBA, MBA & EMBA
National University of Medical Sciences (NUMS) Admissions 2017-18 For MBBS & BDS Biology = 70 MCQs, Chemistry = 45 MCQs, Physics = 45 MCQs and English = 20 MCQs Time = 180 Minutes No Negative Marking The NUMS Entry Test 2017 application shall be filled online. Just login at http://nts.org.pk/…/…/072017/NUMS_July2017_Online/indexs.php and fill the Application Form.  After that the candidate can submit his/her application by clicking the submit button.  Upon successful submission of application, the candidate will be able to print NUMS Entry Test – 2017 fee challan.  The candidate is required to visit nearest branch of Habib Bank Ltd. (country wide) to deposit Entry Test Fee and send the copy of challan form to NTS at No. 1-E, street 46 Sector I-8/2, Islamabad before 31, July 2017  NTS will dispatch Roll No Slips to all the eligible candidates through courier. NUMS Entry Test is mandatory for all Pakistani candidates including overseas residents except for foreign students (including Pakistanis with foreign nationality) for admissions in all NUMS Constituent and Affiliated Medical Colleges.  Entry Test Fee is non refundable and non transferable.  Candidates are required to bring the printed admit cards to the test center along with original CNIC or form”B” or an original document with photograph like; passport, etc as per instructions by NTS.
HEC ENTRY TEST UPDATE ========= Last Date to Apply is 12th July,2017. Entry Test Date will be announced later. Eligibility = Intermediate/Equivalent Passed (Students awaiting Result for 12th can also Apply)... No Fee will be charged for Entry Test. Apply Online on this Link http://eportal.hec.gov.pk/hec-portal-web/auth/login.jsf Step by Step Procedure for Apply http://hec.gov.pk/…/HE…/Documents/HAT/Step-by-Step-Guide.pdf ----------- These Universities will accept HEC Test Score (Only Karachi) ------------ GOVT UNIVERSITIES ----------- NED University Dawood University IIEE ------------- PRIVATE UNIVERSITIES ------------ Ziauddin University FAST Muhammad Ali Jinnah University DHA Suffa University Greenwich University ILMA University
HEC TESTING SERVICE  But Still wait for the Announcement of DUHS/JSMU/KMDC/LMC/Dawood NED K VC Last Month Main Ik Interview Me Kaha tha K Ham HEC Ka Test Score bhi Accept Karenge. KU or FUUAST Bhi SHyd HEC Ko FOllow Karey Q K Unko Already NTS Se Bht SHikayat Hai. Apni Prepration Jari Rakhey, Jis University Ke Trf Se Bhi Koe Announcement Hoge tu Main Update Kar DUnga.
University of Karachi Visual Studies Admissions Details ========== -> Architecture  -> Design & Media Arts (Graphic Design) -> Design & Media Arts (Media)... -> Industrial Designing -> Textile Designing -> Fine Art -> Ceramic & Glass -> Islamic Arts Admissions are expected in October. Eligibility Criteria is given in the Picture. Test Passing Marks = 50 Admissions are given by Aggregate which is given below :  Intermediate (20%) + Test (60%) + Interview (20%) = Aggregate FEE STRUCTURE  30,5000 Per Semester  Entry Test Sample is given in the Picture.
QUESTIONS RELATED HEC TESTING SYSTEM ============ Q :- HEC Kia Hai? A :- HEC (Higher Education Comission) Govt idara Hai Jo K Pakistan Ke Sari Universities Ko Chalata Hai. Q :- HEC TESTING SYSTEM Kia Hai?... A :- Govt ke taraf Se Ik Testing Idara Qaim Kia Gaya Hai, Jis ko HEC TESTING SYSTEM Ka Naam Diya Hai. Q :- Kaam Kia Hai Iska? A :- Test Legi Jo K Mostly Universites Main Acceptable Hoga. Q :- Kon Kon Se Universites Main Iska Test Score Acceptable Hoga? A :- Jin Universities Main Accept Hoga, Unki List HEC Test Se Pehle Jari Kar Degi. Q :- Medical Universites Accept Karegi? A :- Abhi Announce Nh Kia Hai Lekin Mere Khyal Main Wo Apna Test NTS Se He Legi. Q :- Test Kab Hoga? A :- July Main. Q :- Test Pattern?  A :- Intermediate (Optional Subjects) = 70 Marks, English = 20 marks, G.K = 10 Marks Q :- Passing Marks? A :- Total Marks = 100, Passing Marks = 50  Q :- Registration Process? A :- Jab Forms Ayenge tu process Bata Dunga. Q :- Registration fees? A :- 200 Q :- Eligibility Criteria? A :- HEC Ka Kaam Srf Test Lena Hoga, Jo K har Intermediate/Equivalence Passed Student De Sakta hai, Jis Tarah University Admission Se Pehle Se test Leti hai, Bs Us test ke Jaga Ap is test Score per Phir Admission le Sakte ho (Lekin Srf Uni Universites Main Jo pehle Se Ye Announce Kr De K ham HEC Score Accept Krnge) For Example : For Example : Ap Ne Abhi July Main main Test De Diya, Apke Pas Apka Result Hoga HEC Test Ka. Bad Main Kisi University Main Admissions Agaye or Unho Ne Kaha K Ham HEC Test Score Bhi Accept Karenge tu phir ap wahan Apna HEC Test Score Jama Kara K Admission Le Sakte Hain. or Questions ho tu Comments me puch ley, Main Post main Answers Update Kr Dnga.
=================== HEC TESTING SERVICE =================== Pakistan Main Pehle Bar Sarkari Satah Per Testing Service Qaim. HEC Testing Service July Se Fa'al Hojaege.... Test July K Pehle Week Main Expected Hai. HEC Ke Taraf Se Pakistan K 180 Universities Ko Is Hawale Se Khatot Bejh Dye Gaye Hain, Jin Main Se Abhi tk 11 Universities Ne HEC Test Score Per Admissions Dene Ke Raza Mandi Zahir Ke Hai. TEST PATTERN Intermediate (Optional Subjects) = 70 Marks English = 20 Marks General Knowledge = 10 Marks
************************************************ UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS 2017-18 ************************************************ Everything is available in this Post regarding Universities Admissions (Please Check This Post Before Asking Anything Related Universities Admissions) ★ Universities In Which Admissions are Open (will Update every week in this Post)...
#KMDC Eligibility Criteria & Required Documents For Admissions




Nazeer Hussain University Admissions 2017  For BE/BS/Pharm-D/B.Arch/BBA/BS/B.Ed/MBA
IQRA UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2017 For  BBA/MBA/BS/MS/M.Phil/Ph.D Last Date to Apply = 13th July, 2017. Entry Test Date = 16th July, 2017.

 (Mention Your Friends who will apply in DMC/SMC)
Dow Medical College(DUHS) / Sindh Medical College (JSMU) Eligibility Criteria For MBBS
Ziauddin University may start BS Software Engineering & BS Electrical Technology from this year.







UNIVERSITIES IN WHICH ADMISSIONS ARE OPEN ========== Bahria University (Last Date = 13th July,2017) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/825356444280178/… ---... SZABIST (Last Date = 17th July, 2017) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/825368200945669/… --- DHA Suffa University https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/825369847612171/… --- Institute of Business Management (Last Date = 08th June,2017) https://www.facebook.com/…/a.569592159856…/825371397612016/…




 DUHS Self BDS bht km Aggregate per close hwa tha Mai ne ghalti se Apni Post main 75 likha tu sab ne aesa likh kr post kr dia
FOR MEDICAL STUDENTS ======== Kuch Log Kehte Hain K Inter Main Kam Percentage Per Medical Universities Main Admission Possible Nahe Hai. Mai Ye tu Nahe Kahunga K Possible Nahe Hai Lekin Bht Mushkil Hota Hai but Impossible Nahe Hai. Mai Apko Srf Explain Kar Deta Hun :-... Medical Universities Main Aggregate per Admissions Hote Hain Means 10% Matric, 40% Intermediate & 50% Entry Test Marks Mila K Merit banta Hai. Aggregate Malom Karne Ka Tareeqa :- Matric % x 0.1 + Inter % x 0.4 x Entry test Marks x 0.5 = Aggregate For Example :- Apke Matric Main 80% hai, Inter Main 74% Hai or Test Main 75 Marks Lete ho tu Apka Aggregate Aese Niklega 80 x 0.1 = 8 74 x 0.4 = 29.6 75 x 0.5 = 37.5 8 + 29.6 + 37.5 = 75.1 Aggregate Bana Apka. Is tarah Test Main Zyada marks lenge tu Aggregate or Barhega.




UNIVERSITIES ENTRY TEST  (EXPECTED MONTHS) ====== DUHS/JSMU = October KMDC = October... SMBBMCL = October NED = 19th August DUET = October Ziauddin = August Private Medical COlleges = Sep/Oct SSUET = Oct/Nov Karachi University = Morning (Oct/Nov) Evening (Nov/Dec) Federal Urdu University = Morning (Oct/Nov) Evening (Nov/Dec) FAST = July IBA = July Iobm = July

MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES CLOSING AGGREGATES 2016


NED University Past Papers (Mathematics)


NED University Past Papers (Physics)
KMDC Entry Test Paper 2016
GOVT UNIVERSITIES ENTRY TEST PATTERN  ============ DUHS/JSMU/KMDC/LMC ============ Physics = 30... Chemistry = 30 Biology = 30 English = 10 ==== NED/DUET ==== Physics = 25 Chemistry/Computer Science = 25 Maths/Biology = 25 English =  25
KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS DETAILS ======== Morning K Admissions Oct/Nov Main Hote Hain. Evening K Nov/Dec Main. ========...

FOR MCAT/ECAT/BCAT STUDENTS **************** ★ 1 Time Table Bana Ley, Jis Main Test Se 1 Mahina Pehle Apka Course Khatam Hoajye or Last Month Main Ap Srf Revision karey. For Example : Medical walo k liey All Subjects me 66 chapters Hai, or Medical Universities K Tests September/October Main Shoro Ho Jatey Hai Tu Un K Pas 4 Mahine Hain Ager Wo 2 din Main 1 Chapter Parhengey Tu Unka Course Asani Se Complete Ho Jaye ga or Revision K liey Ik Mahina Bhi Mil Jaye ga, Isi Tarah BCAT... or ECAT Wale Bhi Apne liey Time Table Bana ley. Har Chapter K Parhne K Bad Kam Se Kam 3 Differnet MCAT or ECAT K Books Se Us Chapter K MCQS Solve Karey or Numericals Ke Practrice Itni Karey K Aap Har Numerical Ik Mint Main Without Calculator Solve Kar Sakey Q k MCAT Walo K liye Test Main Calculator Allow Nahe Hota Hai. (Numericals Ke Practice Jitni Zyada Karoge Utna AP Kam Time Mai SOlved Kar Paoge, Phir Kisi Trick Ke Zarurat Nahe hogi APko) ★ Text Books Per Zyada Tawajja Dey, 50% Se Zyada Bache Inter Main Books Dekhte Bhi Nahe Hain Srf Notes ko Follow Karte Hain, Abhi Aap books Dekhenge tu Pta CHal Jaeya K Text Books Kitne Kaam Ke CHeez hai. ★ English Subject K liye Daily Vocabulary K 10 Words Yad Karey or Apna Grammar Acha karey. ★ Physics Mai Jo TOpics Samjh Nahe Arahe ho Wo Pehle Class 10th K Book Mai Dekha Karey, Class 10th K Book Main  Physics K Kuch Topics Ko Bht Ache Tariqe Se Explain Kia Gaya Hai. ★ Biology Mai Kuch Terms Aese Hote Hain Jin Ko Yad Karna Mushkil Hota Hai, Us K Lye Mnemonics Use Kia Karo. Mnemonic Means Kisi Chez Ko Yad Rakhne K Lye Asaan Tariqa.  For Example :- Taxonomy K CLassification Main Zyada Tar Log COnfuse Ho Jate Hain Hain, Is K Lye Sir Nabeel Ne Hamey Ik Mnemonic Bataya Tha (Khan PCO For Gup Shup). Khan Ka Pehla Lafz K Hai Or K Se Kingdom Ata Hai, Isi Tarah Baqi WOrds Bhi Hain. ( Khan = Kingdom, P = Phylum, C = Class, O = Order, For = Family, Gup = Genus, Shup = Species). Is Tarah Khud Soch Kar Menomics Banaya Karey. ★ Ager Apko Koe MCQ Ya Numerical Nahe Ata Ho Tu Inbox Main Puch Lya Karo Ager Mujhe Uska Jawab Ata Hoga Tu Me Bata Dunga or Ager Mujhe Nahe Ata Hoga Tu Page Per Post Kar Dunga Koe Or Jawab De Dega.
NED ENTRY TEST UPDATE 2017-18 Admission Process will start in the 1st week of July. Expected Entry Test Date = 19th August, 2017. MERIT CRITERIA ADMISSIONS will be granted on the basis of Your INTERMEDIATE Marks.... You have to just pass the Test with 50 Marks. Passing Marks = 50/100


Alhamdulillah, EDUCATION IN KARACHI (The Largest Education Page) Reached 100,000+ LIKES (y). Allah ka Shukar Hai, 3 Saal Se Karachi K Kae Students Ke Help Kar Raha Hun. Is Doran Bacho Ke Asani K Lye Is Page K 3 Sub-Pages Bhi Banae Ta K Ik Khas Chez DHudne Main Unko Asani Ho. Education in Karachi (All Updates) Education In Karachi - Guess Papers (Only Guess Papers)... Education In Karachi - Universities Admissions Guideline (Universities Admissions Updates) Education In Karachi - Video Lectures (Is K Lye Aaj Kal Time Nahe Mil Raha Hai). Is K Elawa 2 Groups Hai :- https://www.facebook.com/groups/Educationinkarachi2/ https://www.facebook.com/groups/867598406585385/ --------- EDUCATION IN KARACHI K Naam Se Kae Pages or Groups Baney Hain, Jin Se Mera Koe Talluq Nahe Hai, Jo Mere Pages hai wo Main Ne Yahan Mention Kar Dye Hain. Kuch Log tu Aese Hai Jinho Page tu Education In Karachi K Naam per bana Dia Hai, Posts Bhi Sare Mere Karte Hain Lekin Us Per Naam (Asif Khan) Bhi Mera Dya Howa hai. Bhai Kam se Kam Naam tu Mera Hata Do.
FAST Admissions 2017 Forms will be available after 13th June. Entry Test Date 15th August


#NED ADMISSIONS 2017-18 Admission Process will commence in the first week of July 2017. Interested Candidates are required to prepare the following documents in time.


UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES =========== 1) University of Karachi (B.Ed) Evening 2) IQRA University (BBA/MBA/BS) 3) Hamdard University (BE/BS)... 4) Federal Urdu University (BBA/MBA/BS/MBA/B.Com) Evening (Last Date is 31st March) 5) Federal Urdu University (Private) (B.Com/BA/MA/Madaris)  6) INDUS University (BS/BBA/B.Com.........)
#JSMU BDS ADMISSIONS 2016-17 =============== Final Merit List http://www.jsmu-ae.com/merit_bds.html .... Overall Merit List (Karachi) http://www.jsmu-ae.com/notices/KARACHI_MERIT_LIST1.pdf . Overall Merit List (Sindh) http://www.jsmu-ae.com/notic…/INTERIOR_SINDH_MERIT_LIST1.pdf . NOTICE For Selected Candidates http://www.jsmu-ae.com/notices/BDS_Notice_25_02_2017.pdf
#JSMU BDS Entry Test ======= Entry Test Date = 20th February (Tomorrow) Number of Candidates = 1000


#JSMU BDS List of Candidates Download this Slip http://nts.org.pk/…/022017/JinnahMed_20Feb2017_FL/Search.php
#JSMU BDS ENTRY TEST UPDATE =========== Entry Test Date = 20th February, 2017 (Monday) Venue = Govt. College Gulshan-e-Iqbal, Karachi, Opposite Safari Park, University Road Karachi. Reporting Time = 01:30 P.M... Test Timing = 02:30 P.M To 04:30 P.M. 
#JSMU BDS Reschedule Update ======== Entry Test Date = 20th February Last Date of Forms SUbmission = 15th February.
#JSMU (Sindh Institute of Oral Health Sciences)  ADMISSIONS UPDATE FOR #BDS 2016-17 ============= ADVERTISEMENT https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/990232507774602/…... --------- ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/990288641102322/… --------- FEE STRUCTURE https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/990287944435725/… --------- ALLOCATION OF SEATS https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/990287081102478/… ============= PROCEDURE ============= Forms will be available from 6th February,2017. Last Date of Form Submission is 15th February, 2017. Entry Test Date is 19th February,2017.. Entry Test will be conducted by NTS. You have to submit two Forms. 1) NTS Form Available on this Link http://nts.org.pk/…/…/022017/JSMUkhi_022017/JSMUkhi_0217.php Download this Form, Fill it and Send it to NTS Office alongwith Required Documents & Paid Challan, Islamabad. (Address has been given in the Form) 2) University Form which will be available in HBL JPMC Branch after 6th February. (This Form alongwith the Required Documents have to be submitted to the Admission Cell, JSMU). Note :- You also have to Submit Online Form on JSMU website (jsmu.edu.pk) which will be Updated later on website.
#JSMU (Sindh Institute of Oral Health Sciences) ADMISSIONS UPDATE FOR BDS 2016-17 ============= ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA ============= 60% in Intermediate or Equivalent (Pre-Medical)... Domicile of Sindh. ============= PROCEDURE ============= Forms will be available from 6th February,2017. Last Date of Form Submission is 15th February, 2017. Entry Test Date will be announced later. Entry Test will be conducted by NTS. You have to submit two Forms. 1) NTS Form Available on this Link Download this Form, Fill it and Send it to NTS Office, Islamabad. (Address will be given in the Form) 2) University Form which will be available in HBL JPMC Branch after 6th February. (This Form alongwith the Required Documents have to be submitted to the Admission Cell, JSMU). Note :- You also have to Submit Online Form on JSMU website (jsmu.edu.pk) which will be Updated later on website.
Jinnah Sindh Medical University (JSMU) Ne Pehla Sindh Dental College Qaim Kar Diya. BDS Main Admissions Next Week Se Shoro Hungey. Pehle Saal K Lye 50 Seats Mukhtas Ke Gae Hai.
Federal Urdu University Admissions 2017 (Morning) BS/MSc/MA/MCom (Open Merit Departments) Merit List Has Been Announced. https://fuuast.edu.pk/admission/merit-list
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Evening) ========== Instructions For Selected Candidates & For those who are not satisfied with Merit List

University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Evening) ========== List of Selected Candidates
NOTICE FOR JSMU PHARM-D ENTRY TEST CANDIDATES =========== All candidates who have applied for admission in First year Pharm.D batch 2016-2017, their Entry Test will be conducted on 12-01-2017, 10:00 AM at Sindh Medical College, Jinnah Sindh... Medical University, Karachi. Reporting Time 09:00 A.M Note: Please bring your Original CNIC / B.Form or any other valid identity for the collection of admit cards. Eligibility list, Roll Nos. and Seat distribution in different halls is uploaded. http://www.jsmu-ae.com/…/Roll_No_list_for_entry_test_pharmD…
Karachi University Admissions 2017 (Evening) #KU Evening K Open Merit Departments K Forms Lene or Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 11 January Tak Tausee Kar De gae Hain.

University Admissions 2017 Updated on 5th January,2017
 BS Medical Technology Admissions 2017 in Clinical Laboratory Sciences... Eligibility : Intermediate (Pre-Medical) Passed with 50% Last to to Apply is 21st January.
Karachi University Entry Test  For Evening Programs (BSSE, BSCS, Applied Physics & BBA) Check Your Centres List & Roll Number http://nts.org.pk/…/L…/012017/KchiUni_08012017_FL/Search.php
Karachi University Admissions 2017 Donor Seats or Reserved Seats Per Select hone Wale Candidates 5th January Tak Apne Documents or Fees Jama Kara dey.

University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Evening) Test Based or Open Merit K Admission Forms Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 30 December tak Tausee Kar De gae Hai.
Jinnah SIndh Medical University (JSMU) Admissions 2017 (Pharm-D) ========= PROCEDURE =========... • Application forms are available in HBL (JPMC Branch). • Fill the online application form at the website http://www.jsmu-ae.com/pharm-d.html and get the auto generated receipt of it printed. • Form will be submitted in 3rd Floor, Admission Cell, Jinnah Sindh Medical University. • Last Date of Form Submissions is 5th January, 2017. • Entry Test Date = 12th January. • The Entrance test will be based on the following subjects. a) Biology………………………30 questions b) Chemistry……………………30 questions c) Physics………………………30 questions d) English………………………10 questions ========= SEATS ALLOCATION & FEE STRUCTURE ========= https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/963494380448415/… ========= ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA ========= For both categories (Open merit & Self finance) • Matric Certificate/ ‘O’ level/equivalent examination certificate. • Marks sheet of Matric/’O’ level/equivalent examination transcript. • ‘O’ Level equivalence certificate. • Marks sheet of Intermediate Science/’A’ level/equivalent • Minimum marks of 60% aggregate in Intermediate science (Pre-medical)/’A’ level/equivalent examination. • Provisional certificate from college. • Candidate’s domicile certificate • Candidate’s permanent residence certificate (PRC, or Form- C) • Candidate’s CNIC (Computerized National Identity card) or ‘B’ form (if he/ she is under eighteen years of age). • Candidate’s father domicile of Sindh province on form P- 1. • Six recent passport size photographs (with the name, 3 attested from front and 3 from back). ========= DOCUMENTS TO BE SUBMITTED ========= One set of attested photocopies of following documents must be attached in an office file along with the original application form. 1. Application form. 2. Matric Certificate/ ‘O’ level/equivalent certificate 3. Marks sheet of Matric/’O’ level/equivalent 4. Marks sheet of Intermediate Science/’A’ level/equivalent examination 5. Provisional certificate from college. 6. Candidate’s domicile certificate 7. Candidate’s permanent residence certificate (PRC, or Form- C) 8. Candidate’s CNIC(Computerized National Identity card) or ‘B’ form(if he/ she is under eighteen years of age). 9. Candidate’s father domicile of Sindh province on form P- 1. 10. Two recent passport size photographs. ========= MERIT FORMULA ========= For Open merit and Self finance categories requiring Entrance test (with weightage of marks) Weightage of marks: a) Matric/’O’ level/equivalent examination…..10% b) Intermediate/’A’ level’ equivalent examination……..40% c) Entrance test……50% d) Forty percent of total theory marks obtained in Biology, Physics and Chemistry by Inter Science / A level students will be considered for weightage of final merit calculation.

University of Karachi Admissions 2017 ===== Valid Claim List of Bachelors/Masters Open Merit Programs
Universities Admissions 2016-17 Updated On 26th December

URDU VIDEO LECTURES ======== XI Chemistry (Chapter 5)  ======== Exothermic Reactions... https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721741404807127/ . Endothermic Reactions https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721746844806583/ . Examples of Exothermic & Endothermic Reactions https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721752661472668/ . Intensive Properties https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721840101463924/ . Extensive Properties https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721846628129938/ . Work & Heat https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721846941463240/ . First Law of Thermodynamics https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721848834796384/ . Enthalpy https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721850594796208/ .  Energy Profile Diagram For Exothermic Reactions https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721853584795909/ . Energy Profile Diagram For Endothermic Reactions https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721858294795438/ . Introduction to Thermochemistry https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721859818128619/ . Hess's Law of Heat Constant Summation https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721862934794974/ . Verification of Hess's Law https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721865484794719/ . Enthalpy of Formation https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/videos/1721867474794520/
 Note : Ye Last Year Ka Hai, Is Saal Ka Abhi Tak Update nahe Howa hai.
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 ======= Donor Seat Forms K Hasil or Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 28th December Tak Tausee Kar De Gae Hai.

JSMU Pharm-D Update Pakistan Pharmacy Council K Website K Mutabiq JSMU Ke Pharmacy Registered Nahe Hai. Is lye Admission Lene Se Pehle Achi tarah se Pata Kar ley. Ye PPC Ke Official website hai, is main JSMU ka nam nahe diya hai. http://www.pharmacycouncil.org.pk/PI.php

 Application forms will be available from 26th December,2016 at HBL (JPMC Branch).... Form will be submitted in 3rd Floor, Admission Cell, Jinnah Sindh Medical University. Last Date of Forms Submission is 5th January, 2017.
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Evening) Admissions Forms Hasil or Jama Karane Ke tareekh Main 28 December Tak Tausee Kar De gae Hai.
DADABOHY INSTITUTE OF HIGHER EDUCATION ADMISSIONS SPRING 2017
#KU Admissions 2017 Reserved Seats (Sindh (Except Karachi)/Balochistan/FATA/ Northern Areas/Sports/Special Persons/Armed Forces/Ku Employee) K Forms Hasil or Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 23 December tak Tausee Kar De Gae Hai.
 BE   (Electronics/Computer System/Energy Systems/Biomedical)... BS   (Computer Science/Software Engineering) ME (Electrical Engineering/Energy Engineering) MS  (Computer Science/Energy & Environment) PhD (Computer Science/Energy & Environment/Electrical Engineering/Energy Engineering)
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) (Open Merit Bachelors/Masters Programs) ========== OPEN MERIT BACHELOR PROGRAMS  ==========... List of Selected Candidates https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=958622797602240 Closing Percentages https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/958620690935784/… Instructions For Selected Candidates & For those who are not satisfied with Merit List https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/958625477601972/… ========= OPEN MERIT MASTER PROGRAMS  ========== List of Selected Candidates https://www.facebook.com/pg/educationinkarachi45/photos/?tab=album&album_id=958629367601583 Closing Percentages https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/958627034268483 Instructions For Selected Candidates & For those who are not satisfied with Merit List https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/958628777601642/…
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) (Open Merit Master Programs)  Instructions For Selected Candidates & For those who are not satisfied with Merit List
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) (Open Merit Master Programs) 
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) (Open Merit Bachelor Programs)  Instructions For Selected Candidates & For those who are not satisfied with Merit List
Open Merit Bachelor Programs   List of Selected Candidates

 1) D.J Govt Science College (For Girls & Boys) 2) Govt Degree College (SRE MAJEED) (For Girls & Boys) 3) Govt National College (For Boys) 4) Khursheed Govt Girls College 9For Girls) 5) Sir Syed Govt Girls College (For Girls) Intermediate (with Mathematics) Passed with 45% DAE (with Mathematics) Passed with 50%
National University of Modern Languages (NUML) Admission Spring - 2017 For BS/BA/BBA/B.Ed/B.Com/BSCS/MA/M.Com/M.Ed/MBA/Diploma Courses/ Language Courses
 Bachelor Programs BBA BS (Accounting & Finance) BS (Computer Science) BS (Software Engineering) Graduate Programs MBA MS (Management Science) MS (Economics Science) MS (Computer Science) MS (Electrical Engineering) Career Transition Programs MBA MCA MS (Project Management) Doctoral Programs

UNIVERSITIES ADMISSION UPDATES =========== 1) Ziauddin University (Pharm-D, Biomedical Engineering, BS Audiology & Speech Language Therapy) 2) University of Karachi (BA/BS/BSc/MS/MSc/M (Morning)  Last Date to Apply is 22nd December.... 3) IQRA University (BSCS, BSSE, BBA, MBA, EMBA. B.ED, MS, Ph.D)  Last Date to Apply is 30th December & Test Date is 1st January. 4) DUHS (IHM) (BBA/EMBA/MBA)  Last Date to apply is 6th January & Test Date is 15th January. 5) Federal Urdu University (BS/BA/BBA/MS……)  Last Date to Apply is 20th December. 6) Jinnah University For Women  Last Date to Apply is 24th December.

University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) =========== Doctor of Pharmacy, Entry Test Based Departments or Visual Studies Main WO Selected Candidates or Claim List Main Nam Aney wo Candidates Jinho Ne ABhi Tak Fees Jama Nahe Karae Hai wo 21 December Se 23 December Tak Fees Jama Kara Sake hain.
UNIVERSITY OF KARACHI ADMISSIONS 2017 (MORNING) (OPEN MERIT BACHELORS & MASTERS PROGRAMS) ========== Last Date of Forms Submission Is 16th December. ==========...
Karachi University MA (Pvt) Registration Karachi University K Mutabiq MA or Double MA (Pvt) Or Improve Of Division K Registration Forms 20 February, 2017 Tak Jama Karwa Sakty Hain. Registration Fees Rs.3700/=
Federal Urdu University K Admission Forms Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 20 December Tak Tausee Kar De Gae Hai.
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) ============ Open Merit Bachelors & Masters Programs or Reserved Seats K Admission Forms Main 16th December Tak Tausee Kar De Gae Hai.
#DUHS Other Fields Merit List Update Kuch Members Ko DUHS Merit List K Hawale Se Confusion Hai. Ye List All Fields K Candidates Ke Ik Sath banae Gae Hai. Means In Me Sab Mix Hai, Is Lye Predication Nahe Ke Ja Sakti Hai K Kon Se Field Kitne Per Close Howe hai. Aap Log Notice Main Mention DOcuments or Pay Order Le K 19th December Ko Uni CHale Jaye, Us Din Aap Logo Ka Admission COnfirm Hoga.... Agar Admission nahe Howa tu wo Aap Logo Ko Pay Order Wapis Kar Denge. DPT wale Students confuse he k wo Merit Ka Pay Order Le Jaye Ya Self Finance Ka, us Ka Mjhe bhi Confirm Nahe Hai. Koe DPT Ka Senior Student hai ya Kisi Ne Uni se Pata Kia ho tu COmments Main Bata Dey. BS Generic Nursing Ke List Is Main Nahe Hai, Wo bad me ayege.
IMPORTANT NOTE Page Per Zyada Tar Posts Hone Ke Waja Se Kuch Cheze Aesi Hoti Hai Jin Ko Bad Main Dhundna Mushkil Hojata Hai. Is Problem Ko Khatam Karne K Lye Main ne 1 BLOGSPOT WEBSITE Banaya Hai, Jis Main Aapko Purani Cheze Dhundne Main Asaani Hogi. (For example past papers, guess papers, universities admission update etc) Website main abhi tak sari cheze post nahe ke hai, In Shaa Allah Kuch Dino Main Website main Sab Kuch Post Kar Diya Jaega. Website Link... EIK45.blogspot.com

Finally DUHS Other Fields Merit List Has Been ANnounced. http://duhs.edu.pk/allied-meritlist2016/
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Evening) (Bachelors/Masters/Short Courses) ================ Advertisement https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/951312524999934/…... ---------- Closing Percentages 2016 https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/954725857991934/… ---------- Number of Seats & Eligibility Criteria https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/954728284658358 ---------- Fee Structure https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/954727297991790 ================ ADMISSION PROCEDURE ================ 1) Admission Forms Karachi University K Silver Jubilee Gate Per UBL Bank Se Mil Rahe Hain or Jama Bhi Wahe Hoga. 2) Form Ke Price 1700 Hai. 3) Form Jama Karane Ke AKhri Tareekh 22nd December Hai. ================= FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ================= 1) Test Based or Open Merit 2no Departments Ka 1 Form Hai. Evening Main Srif 4 Departments Test Based Hai (Applied Physics, BSCS, BSSE & BBA). 2) BBA Main Aggregate Per Admission Hota Hai Lekin Test Main 50% Marks Lazmi Hai, Jitna Acha Test Karoge, Admission K Chances Utne Zyda Hungey. BBA Main Admission 60% Test or 40% Intermediate Percentage Per Hai. 3) Applied Physics or Computer Science (BSCS & BSSE) Main Admissions Intermediate Ke Percentage Per Hai Lekin Test Main 50% Lena Lazmi Hai. 4) Baqi Sare Open Merit Departments Hai, Means Un Main Koe Test Nahe Hai or Admission Intermediate Ke Percentage Per Diya Jata Hai. 5) Ek Form Main Ap 5 Fields Likh Sakte Hain. 6) Form Main FIelds Likhne Se Pehle Uski Eligibility Dekhye, Us K bad Last Year Closing Percentages Ke List Dekhye,Har Saal Ke Closing Percentages Alag Hote Hai, Test Se Pehle Closing Percentages Ka Pata Nahe Chalta Hai, Apko Last Year K Closing Percentages K Hisab Se Field Select Karni Hoti Hai. Is Sal Closing Percentages Increase Bhi Ho Sakti hai or Decrease Bhi, Zyada Differnece Nahe Hota Hai, Zyada Se Zyada 2,3% Increase Ya Decrease Hoti Hai. (Is Saal Morning K Merit Bht Increase Howa Hai) Apka Srif Un FIelds Main Chance Hota Hai Jo Apke % Se thori se zyda ya thori se kam % Per Last Year Close Howe Ho. Eligibility or Closing Percentages K Links Uper Diye Howe Hain, or Prospectus Main Bhi APko Mil Jayenge. 7) Donor Seat Per Apply Karne K Lye APko Ye Form Bhi Fill Karna Hai or Is K ilawa 1 Donor Seat Ka Form hota Hai, wo Bhi. Donor Seat ke Price Ka Link Uper Diya Howa Hai. Ye Price Apko Admission Form K Sath Jama Karani Hoge, Us K Bad APke Regular Students Ke tarah Semester Fees Hogi.
New Admission Updates ======= Admissions are Open In Following Universities Ziauddin University (Pharm-D, Biomedical Engineering & Medical Technology) Baqai University (Pharm-D)... Nazeer Hussain University (Pharm-D)
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) =========== Entry Test Based Bachelor Programs Closing Percentages List
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) =========== Entry Test Based Bachelor Programs Result Has Been Announced. Result http://uok.edu.pk/admissions/2017/mor/docs/all-ts-bach.pdf... List of Selected Candidates http://uok.edu.pk/admissions/2017/mor/docs/sel-bach.pdf Closing Percentages List http://uok.edu.pk/admissions/2017/mor/docs/bach-clos.pdf Instructions For Selected Candidates & Claim Procedure http://uok.edu.pk/admissions/2017/mor/docs/ins-eng-bach.pdf
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Evening) ============ Forms will be available from 12th December to 22nd December From Silver Jubilee Gate Booth of UBL (University of Karachi). Form Price = 1700
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) ======= Open Merit Bachelors & Masters K Admissions Forms Hasil or Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 14th December Tak Tausee Kar De Gae Hai. Note :- Extended Dates Main Forms Srf Karachi University Main Silver Jubileee Gate Per UBL Bank Se Milenge or Wahan Jama Hungey.
Institute of Health Management (IHM) Dow University of Health Sciences (DUHS) Admissions 2017 Last Date of Forms Submissions is 6th January 2017. Entry Test Date is 15th January.
IQRA UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2016-17 Last Date of Forms Submissions is 30th December,2016. Entry Test Date is 1st January,2017
PAF-KIET ADMISSIONS Spring 2017 Last Dtae to Apply for Admissions is 17th December, 2017. Those awaiting result may also apply.

University of Karachi Admissions 2017 =========== Visual Studies List of Selected Candidates & Instructions for Selected Candidates
#KMDC SCHEDULE OF MEDICAL EXAMINATION For NEW 1ST YEAR BATCH-2016
Apne Mobile Per Free Educational News, Result Update, Universities Admission Updates or Karachi K Education Se Related Har Tarah Ke News hasil Karne K Lye Message Main Follow EIK45 Likh Kar 40404 per Send Kar Dey.
#KMDC Update List of candidates are being offered admission provisionaly & Waiting List of Candidates http://kmdc.edu.pk/offer-of-admission-provisionally-in-fir…/
#KU Pharm-D Update Mostly Members Puch Rahe Hain K Ik or List Lagti Hai Ya Nahe. Har Saal New List Nahe Lagti Hai, Last Year Medical Universities K Tests Bht Late Howe The Is Lye Mostly Aese Students Ne bhi KU me bhi apply kia tha jin ka bad me Medical Universities Me Admission Hogaya, Is Lye Kafi Seats Reh Gae the, Jis Ke Waja Se Ik Or List Bhi Ae thi. Is Saal Bhi Agar Zyada Bacho Ne Seats CHori Tu Ik Or List Ajaege.
#DUHS ADMISSIONS 2017 ======== Notice For Biotechnology Candidates BS-Bio-Technology Candidate are directed to appear in an Interview on Mon 5th Dec 2016 at 11:30 am at Principal Office, 1st floor, Dow Medical College, DUHS alongwith with original documents and requisite payorder in favor of DUHS.    ------------... Check Your Merit Number On This Link http://www.duhs.edu.pk/biotech-meritlist2016/
SIUT ADMISSIONS UPDATES For BS MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY =========== Last Date of Forms Submission = 17th December Entry Test Date = 22nd December
BBSLU ADMISSION UPDATES FOR Pharm-D, BS, B.Ed, ADE, MBA, MA, M.COM
ZIAUDDIN UNIVERSITY ADMISSION UPDATES  FOR DOCTOR OF PHARMACY ========== Last Date of Forms Submission Is 16th December, 2016.
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 ========== Doctor Of Pharmacy Instructions For Selected Candidates &  Claim Procedure For those who are not satisfied with Merit List
University of Karachi Entry Test (Bachelor Programs Morning) ============ Ye Cheze Apne Sath Zarur Le Jaye 1. Admit Card (Jo KU Main Form Jama Karane K Bad Mila tha)... 2. Pen 3. ORIGINAL CNIC or ORIGINAL BFORM -------------------- * Reporting Time or Test Centre Ka Msg Apko NTS  ke Taraf Se Aya Hoga, Agar Msg Nh Aya Hai tu NTS Website Ya Uok K Website Per Dekh Ley. * Negative Marking Nahe Hai, Lekin Phir bhi NTS Question Paper Per Instructions Per 1 bar zarur check kare. * Easy Questions Pehle Karey or Difficult Bad Main. * Kisi Bhi MCQ Ka Answer Fill Karne Se Pehle Us MCQ Ka Number Zarur Dekhe, Q K Aksar Logo Se Ye Ghalti Hoti Hai K 1 Mcq ka answer kisi dusre me likh deta hain. ========= Allah Aap Sab Ko Kamyabi Ata Karey (Ameen).
UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES

University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Bachelor Programs Entry Test Morning) Examination Centres List with Test Timing
UNIVERSITY OF KARACHI ADMISSIONS 2017 (MORNING) (OPEN MERIT BACHELORS & MASTERS PROGRAMS) ========== ADMISSION PROCEDURE ==========...






University of Karachi Admission 2017 (Morning) (Bachelor Programs) ========== List of Candidates Apna Test Centre Is Link Per CHeck karey.... http://nts.org.pk/Test&Products/…/UOK_04122016_FL/Search.php
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 (Morning) (Open Merit Bachelor Programs) Last 3 Years Closing Percentages List
University of Karachi Entry Test (Doctor of Pharmacy & Masters Programs) ============ Ye Cheze Apne Sath Zarur Le Jaye 1. Admit Card (Jo KU Main Form Jama Karane K Bad Mila tha)... 2. NTS Roll Number Slip (NTS website se Apne Roll Number Ka SLip Print Karwa ley, Ye Zaruri Nahe Hai Lekin Ehtiat K Lye Le Jao tu Behter Hoga) 3. Pen 4. ORIGINAL CNIC or ORIGINAL BFORM (Original Lazmi Hai) -------------------- * Reporting Time 8 Bataya Hai tu Test Taqreban 9 ya 10 Baje Shoro Hoga. * Negative Marking Nahe Hai, Lekin Phir bhi NTS Question Paper             Per Instructions Per 1 bar zarur check kare. * Easy Questions Pehle Karey or Difficult Bad Main. * Kisi Bhi MCQ Ka Answer Fill Karne Se Pehle Us MCQ Ka Number Zarur Dekhe, Q K Aksar Logo Se Ye Ghalti Hoti Hai K 1 Mcq ka answer kisi dusre me likh deta hain. --------------------- COnfusion of Some Candidates NTS ke website ne pehle din Roll Numbers Jari kye the, Next Day Unho Ne Roll Numbers CHange Kar K Form Numbers Likh Dye, Tu Ap Sab Ka FOrm Number He Apka Roll Number Hai. Jin Candidates Ka Naam NTS Website Per Show Nahe Ho Raha Hai Ya Unko NTS Ke taraf Se Msg Nahe Mila Hai, Wo Apna Centre List Is Picture Main CHeck Karey. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/941703262627527/… -------------------- Allah Ap Sab Ko Kamyabi Ata Karey. (Ameen)
University of Karachi Admissions Updates (Morning) (Bachelors & Masters Open Merit Departments) ============== 1st Picture main Open Merit Departments Ke List De Howe Hain. 2nd Picture Main UBL Bnak K Un Branches K Nam Hain, Jahan Se Forms Milenge.... 3rd Picture Main Form Fill Karne K Hawale Se Instructions hai. FOrms Lene or Jama Karane Ke AKhri tareekh 12th December Hai. Open Merit Departments Main Koe Test Nahe Hota Hai. Ik Form Main Ap 5 Fields Likh Sakte Hain. Koe Bhi Filed Likhne Se Pehle Prospectus Main Us Field Ke Eligibility Dekhye Us K Bad Us Field Last Year CLosing Percentages Dekhye, Jo Field Ap K % Se 2,3% Kam ya 2,3% zyda per close howe ho un me apka chance he.
#DUHS Other Fields Update Jin Students Ko Aaj Bhi Admit Card Nahe Mila, wo Kal 9 Baje Ojha Campus Puhunch Jaye or Apna Sath Fee Voucher or Bank Me Jo SLip Mili Thi, wo Le Jaye. Admit Card Apko Usi Waqt Milega. Test Bhi Wahe Hoga, DOw K Ojha Campus Main. Test 11 baje SHoro Hoga. 2 hours ka test hoga, Jo K Physics, Chemistry, Biology or English Per Mushtamil Hoga.... Apne Sath Ye Cheze Zarur Le Jaye. Admit Card (Jin Ko Admit card nahe mila hai wo fee voucher or bank ke slip) Ball Pen CNIC (zaruri Nahe he lekin ehtiat k lye le jaye)
#KMDC Interview Schedule  From Merit No. 01 to 300 on Saturday 26th November, 2016 at 9:00am From Merit No. 301 to 600 on Monday 28th November, 2016 at 9:00am From Merit No. 601 to 800 on Wednesday 30th November, 2016 at 9:00am
#DUHS Other Fields Update Admit Cards Sab K Address Per Bejh Dye Gaye Hain. Jin Bacho Ko Aj Sham Tak Admit Card Na Mile wo Kal University Ja Kar Wahan Se Admit Card Hasil Karey.
#KMDC Merit Update Is Sal KMDC K Top 500 Main Se Taqreban 330 Se 340 Tak Students DMC/SMC Gaye Hain. KMDC Ke 175 Merit MBBS Seats Hai tu KMDC Main Jis Ka Merit Number 500 tak hai unka Merit MBBS main acha chance hai. Merit Number 510/520 tak walo ko Merit MBBS Mil sakta hai.
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 List of Candidates Check Your Roll Number on This Link http://nts.org.pk/…/Lists/…/KhiUniAdm_27112016_FL/Search.php
#KMDC Final Merit List http://nts.org.pk/…/KMDC_5thNov2016_Result/KMDC_FinMerit.pdf
#JSMU Notice For Merit Number 500 to Merit Number 1000 For Self Finance MBBS & Reciprocal Seats
Admissions Updates PAF-KIET Muhammad Ali Jinnah University Sindh Madrast-ul-Islam University
#DUHS Update For Merit No. 228 to Merit No. 800 For Self Finance Seats
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 Doctor of Pharmacy (Morning & Evening)or Entry Test Based Departments (Morning) K Admission Forms 21 or 22 November Ko Bhi Hasil or Jama Kye Ja Sakte Hain.
#SMBBMCL ENTRY TEST 1) Apne Sath Ye Cheeze Zaror Le Jaey. (i) Admit Card (Jin Ko Admit Card Nahe Mila Hai wo NTS Ke Website Se Apna Roll Number Slip Print Karwa K Le Jaye) (ii) Original CNIC (Original Lazmi Le Jaye, Original K Bagher Wo Test K Lye Bethne Nahe Denge, Agar CNIC Nahe Tu BFORM le jaye lekin Bform k sath ehtiat K Lye Matric Certificate or Inter Ke Marksheet Bhi Le Jaye) (iii) Pen... 2) Mobile or Calculator Allow Nahe Hai. 3) Test Main Negative Marking Bhi Hote Hai, Is Lye Kisi Bhi Option Per Tick Karne Se Pehle Achi Tarah Se Sochye. 4) 1 MCQ Galat Karne Per Apke 0.25 Marks Katenge, Means 4 MCQs Galat Karne Per 1 Sahe Answers Se 1 Mark Katega. ---------- Note :- Jin K 2 Roll Number SHow Ho Rahe Hai, Unko NTS Ke taraf Se Msg Agaya tha K Srf Ye Roll Number USe Kare, Dusra Ignore Karey, Tu Srif Wahe Roll Number Use kare, Jo NTS Ne Msg Me Bejha Hai. Agr Kisi Ko Aesa Msg Nahe Aya Hai, or Us K 2 Roll Numbers Show Ho Rahe Hai, tu Subah Test Me Bethne Se Pehle NTS Help Desk Se Rabta Karey, Wahan Unka Help Desk Laga Hota Hai. ======= Best of Luck

#DUHS Final Merit List http://www.duhs.edu.pk/ambbs-bds-pharmD-Merit-list-2016/ . #JSMU Final Merit List http://www.jsmu-ae.com/eligiblity.html
#NTS Updated Result For DUHS/JSMU http://nts.org.pk/…/SMC_6…/DUHS_6thNov2016_Result/Search.php
#SMBBMCL Update Admit Cards Kal Tak Mil Jaenge. Jin Ko Admit Card Na Mile, Wo NTS Website Se Apna Roll Number Slip Print Karwa Lena. Jin K 2 Roll Number Show Ho Rahe Hain, Unko NTS Ke Taraf Se ik or Msg Ayega, Jo Roll Number Wo Bejhenge, Wahe Roll Number Apka Hoga, Dusra Roll Number Use Na Karey.
Har Sal KMDC K Taqreban 300 Top Students DMC/SMC Chale Jate Hain. So Merit Number 500 Walo Tak Ka Merit MBBS per Acha Chance Hai. 600 tak walo ka merit mbbs shak me hai. 500 se 700 tak walo ka merit bds or self mbbs chance he. or 800 se 900 tak walo ka self bds me chance he.... self bds 1000 tak bhi ja sakta he. --------- Prediction galat ho tu Seniors Correction karwa ley.
#KMDC Provisional Merit List has been announced. http://nts.org.pk/…/…/KMDC_5thNov2016_Result/KMDC_PrvMrt.pdf
#KMDC Update Answer Key Update Kar De Gae Hai. New Answer K Mutabiq 2 Questions Cancel Howe Hai, Jis K Marks Sare Candidates Ko De DYe Gaye Hain.
#DUHS K Other Fields K Admissions Main Tamam Fields Ke Date 19th November Tak Extend howe Hai. DUHS Website per Forms DUbara Update Kr Dye Gaye Hain.
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 Date Extended For Sale & Submission of Doctor of Pharmacy & Entry Test Based Departments Forms
University of Karachi Admissions 2017 Instructions For Visual Studies Candidates

Pata Nahe Hamare Govt Idare Kab Sahe Hunge. Jab Ik Kam Pora Nahe Kr Sakte tu 2,2 Forms Q Jama Karwane Ko Kehte Hai. LMC K Mostly Students  K 2,2 Roll Number Slips Jari Howe Jinho ne Merit or Self dono forms Jama Karaye the.
NTS List of Candidates For SMBBMCL http://nts.org.pk/…/Li…/112016/SMBBMC_20112016_FL/Search.php
Federal Urdu University Main Bachelors Or Masters (Morning) K Admission Forms Jama Karane Ki Tarikh Main 30th November Tak Tousee Kar Di Gayi Hain.
For MCAT Students ======== Jin Bacho Ka MBBS/BDS Main Admission Nahe Howa, WO Mayos Na Ho. Medical Main Bht Sari Achi FIelds Hai, Koe or Field Bhi Ap Select Kar Sakte Hain. Abhi DUHS (Biotechnology), JPMC(DPT), Hamdard (Pharm-D, BEMS), LNMC (MT) or KU & FUUAST main Admissions Open Hai, Un Me Se Koe FIeld Choose Kar Sakte Hai.... Moslty Students Mjh Se Scope Ka Puchte Hai, Mai ne aj tak kisi ko ye nahe bataya k falan field ka scope zyda he ya kam he. Meri Nazar Main Scope Banda Khud Banata Hai, Ap ik field choose karo or usko achi tarah se parho. Phir Bhi Kuch Log MBBS or BDS He Karna Chahte Hain tu Unke Pas Improvement Ka Option Hai. Improvement kar k Zyda Mehnat Kar K Dbara Test De Dey. Kuch log kehte hai k improvement se koe faida nahe hota hai, faida hota he lekin selection of subject sahe hone chahye or Mehnat. Improvement Main AP K Pas Ye Options Hote Hain. 1. Koe Ik SUbject Improve Kare (Ik SUbject Me apko 2no years ka wo subject dena parega) 2. Koe 2 subjects improve kare (2 subjects me b apko koe dono years ko wo subejcts dene parenge) 3. Koe Ik Year (1st year ya 2nd year) 4. 2no Years (Meri suggestion yahe he k agar apko % 60+ hai tu 2no years improve na kare) In me se koe Bhi Option choose karne se pehle calculation karey k kon se option se apki % zyda increase ho sakti he.

NTS Notice for DUHS/JSMU Due to the large number of objection received, NTS final result will be uploaded on Friday, 18th November 2016.
#DUHS Initial Merit List for MBBS,BDS & Pharm-D has been announced. http://www.duhs.edu.pk/mbbs-bds-pharmD-Merit-list-2016/
Federal Urdu University (FUUAST) Admissions 2017 (Morning) ============= Advertisement https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/929361417195045/… ==========... Procedure ------------ Sab Se Pehle Is Link Per Jaye or SIGN UP Karey. http://admission.fuuast.edu.pk Phir LOGIN Se Apni ID Kholey. Next Page Main Right Side Per APPLY FOR ADMISSION Per Click karey. Next Page Per Form Ajaega. Form Fill Kar K SUBMIT Per CLick Karey. Submit Per CLick karne K Bad Jo Form Ayega, WO DOwnload Kar K Print Karwaye or Required Documents K Sath Federal Urdu University Main Jama Karye. Forms Jama Karane Ke Last Date 18th November,2016 hai. Entry Test Date Abhi tak Announce Nahe Howe Hai. ============== Eligibility Criteria & Documents Required For Admission ------------------ https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/933275630136957/… ============= Entry Test Format ----------------- https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/933275193470334/… ============= Fee Structure FOr Bachelor Programs (Morning) https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/933271950137325
Federal Urdu University (FUUAST) Admissions 2017 ========= Fee Structure FOr Bachelor Programs (Morning)

#SSUET 1st Merit List Has Been ANnounced. http://ssuet.edu.pk/…/first-merit-list-based-first-choice-…/

University of Karachi Admissions 2017 ======== Donor Seats & Reserved Seats Updates
DUHS Other Fields Forms Submission Last Date is tomorrow (11th November, 2016 ========== ADMISSION PROCEDURE OF DOW UNIVERSITY OF HEALTH & SCIENCES FOR OTHER FIELDS =========== 1) Sab Se Pehle Online Form Fill Karey... • Online Form Link For IMT, IPM&R, DRIBBS, SPH, DCP, DIR http://duhs.edu.pk/allied2016/ • Online Form Link For INSTITUTE OF NURSING (ION) http://duhs.edu.pk/ao-nursing-2016/ • Online Form Link For One Year Courses http://duhs.edu.pk/ao-dcht-2016/ -------------------- 2) Us K Bad In Links Se Form Download Kar K Print Karwana Hai, or Fill Karne K Bad Documents or 2000 Rupees K Voucher K Sath UBL Bank Baba-e-Urdu Road Branch Main Jama Karwana Hai. • Form Download Karne Wale Link Ye Hai. • For IMT, IPM&R, DRIBBS, SPH, DCP, DIR http://duhs.edu.pk/…/Application%20form%20for%20IMT-2016100… • For INSTITUTE OF NURSING (ION) http://duhs.edu.pk/down…/Admission%20in%20ION-20161003-1.pdf • For One Year Courses http://duhs.edu.pk/…/Application%20form%20for-DCHT-20161003… --------------------- • Fee Voucher Link http://duhs.edu.pk/do…/Fee%20Voucher-combined-20161003-1.pdf ==============
#JSMU Eligibility List Has Been Updated. check your Aggregate  http://www.jsmu-ae.com/eligiblity.html
UNIVERSITY OF KARACHI ADMISSIONS 2017 (ENTRY TEST BASED DEPARTMENTS MORNING) (DOCTOR OF PHARMACY MORNING & EVENING) ========== ADMISSION PROCEDURE...

Admissions Updates For DPT In Jinnah Postgraduate Medical College (JPMC) ===== Eligibility Criteria = 60% In Intermediate (Pre-Medical) Last Date of Form Submission = 8/12/2016 Entry Test Date = 17/12/2016
#FMDC Final Merit List of Sindh (Urban) & Sindh (Rural)
#KMDC Provisional ENtry test Result http://nts.org.pk/…/112016/KMDC_5thNov2016_Result/Search.php
DMC/SMC/KMDC  Last Year DMC 78, SMC 74 or KMDC 76 Pe Close Howe They. Last Year DMC/SMC Ka Test Bht Mushkil Tha, Is Sal Zyda Mushkil Nahe Aya tha, So DMC/SMC Ke Closing Aggregate Increase Hone K Zyada Chances Hai. Last Year DMC/SMC Ka Test Mushkil Aney Ke Waja Se KMDC K Mostly Toppers Bhi DMC/SMC Main Select Nahe Howe the or DMC/SMC or KMDC K Test Main Gap Bhi ZYada Tha, Is Lye Moslty Students Ne KMDC Nahe Chori, Is Sal Merit Lagne K Days Main Zyada Difference Nahe Hoga, So Moslty Students DMC/SMC K Lye KMDC Ke Seats CHorenge, tu KMDC Ka Merit Decrease Hoga. or Is Sal KMDC Ka Test bhi NTS ne Liya Hai tu Is waja Se KMDC Ka Merit Decrease Hone K Zyada Chances Hai.
#KMDC ENTRY TEST 1) Apne Sath Ye Cheeze Zaror Le Jaey. (i) Admit Card (ii) Original CNIC (Original Lazmi Le Jaye, Original K Bagher Wo Test K Lye Bethne Nahe Denge, Agar CNIC Nahe Tu BFORM le jaye lekin Bform k sath ehtiat K Lye Matric Certificate or Inter Ke Marksheet Bhi Le Jaye) (iii) Pen/Pencil ... 2) Mobile or Calculator Allow Nahe Hai. 3) Test Main Negative Marking Bhi Hote Hai, Is Lye Kisi Bhi Option Per Tick Karne Se Pehle Achi Tarah Se Sochye. 4) 1 MCQ Galat Karne Per Apke 0.25 Marks Katenge, Means 4 MCQs Galat Karne Per 1 Mark Katega. ======= Best of Luck
#FMDC Provisional Merit List http://nts.org.pk/…/FMDC_16102016_PrvM…/FMDC_1016_PrvMrt.php
Karachi University Admissions Updates For Entry Test Based Bachelor/Master Programs (Morning) & Doctor of Pharmacy (Morning & Evening) ======= Forms will be available from 7th November. Last Date of Forms Submission = 16th November. Entry Test Date For Bachelor Programs = 4th December... Entry Test Date For Masters Programs =27th November Entry Test Date For Doctor of Pharmacy = 27th November
KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS UPDATES ========== Test Based Departments (Morning) K Admission Forms 7th November Se Milenge. Open Merit Departments (Morning) K Admission Forms 28th November Se Milenge. Evening K Tamam Departments K Forms 12th December Se Milenge.... Reserved Seats or Donor Seats K Admission Forms 14th November Se Milenge. =========== ADMISSIONS CRITERIA ========== MORNING :~ TEST BASED PROGRAMS = In Departments Main Admissions Inter Percentage Per Hote Hain Lekin, Test main Apko Srif 50 Marks Lene Hote Hain. Test Pass karna Lazmi Hai. --------- OPEN MERIT PROGRAMS = In Departments Main bhi Admissions Inter % Per Hote Hain Lekin In Me Koe Test Nahe Hota Hain. --------- EVENING :~ Evening Main Srif 4 Departments Test Based Hain. Applied Physics, BSSE, BSCE, BBA In Main Applied Physics, BSSE, BSCS Main Wahe Morning Wala Rule Hai Jabke BBA Main Aggregate Banta Hai ( Academic 40% + Test 60%) ========= LAST YEAR CLOSING PERCENTAGES LIST https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/831504996980688 ======== ENTRY TEST PATTERN Morning : https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/919004008230786 Evening : https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/919004201564100/… ========= FEE STRUCTURE https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/918999388231248 ========= KUCH AHEM BATAI :- 1) Har Saal Ke Closing Percentages Alag Hote Hai, Test Se Pehle Closing Percentages Ka Pata Nahe Chalta Hai, Apko Last Year K Closing Percentages K Hisab Se Field Select Karni Hoti Hai. 2) Is Sal Closing Percentages Increase Bhi Ho Sakti hai or Decrease Bhi, Zyada Differnece Nahe Hota Hai, Zyada Se Zyada 2,3% Increase Ya Decrease Hoti Hai. 3) Apka Srif Un FIelds Main Chance Hota Hai Jo APke % Se thori se zyda ya thori se kam % Per Last Year Close Howe Ho. 4) Is Saal Mathematic Department Test Based Per Hai Is Lye Uska Merit ZYda Girne K Chances Hai.
#KMDCupdate NTS Ne KMDC K Entry Test K Lye Eligible Candidates/Roll Number SLips Ke List Jari Kar De Hai. Is Link Per APna Roll Number Check Karey. http://nts.org.pk/…/102…/KchMedDenClg_05112016_FL/Search.php

For All MCAT Students As the toughest time of student life is now here; “NTS Test”, merely a NIGHTMARE for students. Everyone is now tensed about the test that what we will do? What will happen? Where we will get admission? And so many questions appearing in mind. KMDC Test: 5th Nov, Saturday DUHS/JSMU Test: 6th Nov, Sunday...
#BUMDC Merit List  http://www.bahria.edu.pk/bumdc-merit-list-2016/
Karachi University K Mutabiq Visual Studies K Admission Forms Jama Karane Ke Tareekh Main 2 November Tak Tausee Kar De gae Hai.
UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES ======== Muhammad Ali Jinnah University SZABIST Ziauddin University (Biomedical Engineering)... Iqra University

Like this Page to Get FREE VIDEO LECTURES of Pre-Medical & Pre-Engineering https://www.facebook.com/eduinkhivideolectures/
NTS Has Announced the List of Eligible Candidates For DMC/SMC ENtry Test 2016 CHeck Your Roll Number On This Link http://nts.org.pk/…/L…/102016/DOW_SMC_06112016_FL/Search.php
KMDC List Update Kar De gae Hai. List Main Apna Nam CHeck Kare, Agar Koe Mistake Hai tu KMDC Ja K COrrect Karwale. Aj Last Date Hai. Link http://kmdc.edu.pk/revised-list-nts-eligibility/
KMDC Walo Ne List Hata De hai Lekin Notice Dubara Laga Diya or Aaj Last Date Hai tu Jin K Details Main Koe Problem Thi, Wo Jane Se Pehle Call Kar K Confirm karey.
KMDC Walo Ne Apne Website Se List Hata De Hai. Bht ZYada Mistakes Ke Waja Se Unho Ne Hatae Hai Shayd. Tw Ap Log Next Notice Ka Wait Karey.
Medical Universities Entry Test Dates KMDC = 5th November DMC/SMC = 6th November SMBBMCL = 20th November
Baqai Medical University MBBS Merit List http://baqai.edu.pk/mbbsmeritlist.pdf
NTS Has Announced The Result of #BUMDC http://nts.org.pk/…/BahriaMedical_22102016_Result/Search.php
#KMDC UPDATE -> ALL THE CANDIDATES WHO HAVE APPLIED FOR ADMISSION IN MBBS AND BDS (MERIT, SELF FINANCE & OVERSEAS/FOREIGNER) FOR SESSION 2016-17 ON THE PRESCRIBED PEROFORMA THROUGH NTS AND ALSO SUBMITTED THE COPY OF SAME FULL-FILLING THE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA AT KARACHI MEDICAL & DENTAL COLLEGE ARE REQUIRED TO CHECK AND VERIFY THEIR DATA ON THE SHEET UPLOADED ON NTS AND KMDC WEBSITE nts.org.pk & www.kmdc.edu.pk till 28TH OCTOBER I:00 P:M FOR THE ISSUANCE OF THE ROLL NO. SLIP F...OR THE ENTRANCE TEST WHICH IS SCHEDULED ON Saturday 5TH NOVEMBER, 2016. -> NO CLAIM WILL BE ACCEPTED AFTER 28TH OCTOBER 2016. -> ALL THE CLAIMANTS ARE DIRECTED TO CONTACT STUDENT AFFAIRS, KMDC, BLOCK-M, NORTH NAZIMABAD, KRACHI FOR THE CORRECTION OF DATA LIKE NAME, ADDRESS, MARKS ETC. NO CANDIDATE WILL BE ALLOWED TO APPEAR IN THE ENTRY TEST WITHOUT ROLL NO. SLIP. -> ROLL NO. SLIP WILL BE MAILED THROUGH COURIER ON THE GIVEN ADDRESS BY NATIONAL TESTING SERVICE (NTS) TIME AND VENUE WILL BE MENTIONED ON THE ROLL NO. SLIP.
KMDC Announced The List of Eligible Candidates For ENtry Test 2016-17 CHeck Your Name On This Link http://kmdc.edu.pk/nts-eligibility-list/
KMDC New Entry Test Date is 5th November, 2016.
#BUMDC Answer Keys Link http://nts.org.pk/Test…/…/BahMedical_22102016_Keys/Color.php

KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS DETIALS ========== MORNING :~ TEST BASED PROGRAMS = In Departments Main Admissions Inter Percentage Per Hote Hain Lekin, Test main Apko Srif 50 Marks Lene Hote Hain. Test Pass karna Lazmi Hai. ---------... OPEN MERIT PROGRAMS = In Departments Main bhi Admissions Inter % Per Hote Hain Lekin In Me Koe Test Nahe Hota Hain. --------- EVENING :~ Evening Main Srif 4 Departments Test Based Hain. Applied Physics, BSSE, BSCE, BBA In Main Applied Physics, BSSE, BSCS Main Wahe Morning Wala Rule Hai Jabke BBA Main Aggregate Banta Hai ( Academic 40% + Test 60%) ========= LAST YEAR CLOSING PERCENTAGES LIST https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/831504996980688 ======== ENTRY TEST PATTERN Morning : https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/919004008230786 Evening : https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/919004201564100/… ========= FEE STRUCTURE https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/918999388231248 ========= KUCH AHEM BATAI :- 1) Har Saal Ke Closing Percentages Alag Hote Hai, Test Se Pehle Closing Percentages Ka Pata Nahe Chalta Hai, Apko Last Year K Closing Percentages K Hisab Se Field Select Karni Hoti Hai. 2) Is Sal Closing Percentages Increase Bhi Ho Sakti hai or Decrease Bhi, Zyada Differnece Nahe Hota Hai, Zyada Se Zyada 2,3% Increase Ya Decrease Hoti Hai. 3) Apka Srif Un FIelds Main Chance Hota Hai Jo APke % Se thori se zyda ya thori se kam % Per Last Year Close Howe Ho. 4) Is Saal Mathematic Department Test Based Per Hai Is Lye Uska Merit ZYda Girne K Chances Hai. 5) Visual Studies Main Admissions Open Hain, Baqi Fields K Admissions November Main Ayenge. 6) Morning Admission FOrms November Main Ayenge or Evening K December Main. =========

KARACHI UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS UPDATES FOR VISUAL STUDIES =========== Forms Procedure :- Forms Karachi University K Silver Jubilee Gate Per UBL Bank Se Mil Rahe Hai.... FOrm Ke Price 1000 Hai. Form Fill Kar K Required Documents K Sath Wahe Per Jama Karana Hai. Forms Jama Karane Ke Tareekh 27th October Hai. Entry test 6th November Ko Hoga. Is Saal Test K Bad Candidates Ka Interview bhi Hoga. ---------- Advertisement Link :- https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/914158618715325/… ---------- LAST YEAR CLOSING PERCENTAGES :- https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/914170898714097/… ---------- ENTRY TEST SAMPLE PAPER https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/914265215371332/… ---------- VISUAL STUDIES FIELDS -> Architecture  -> Design & Media Arts (Graphic Design) -> Design & Media Arts (Media) -> Industrial Designing -> Textile Designing -> Fine Art -> Ceramic & Glass -> Islamic Arts
NTS Announced The List of Candidates For Bahria University Medical and Dental College (BUMDC). Check your roll number from the link below :  http://nts.org.pk/…/10…/BahriaMedical_22102016_FL/Search.php
(Official Announcement) MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES ENTRY TEST DATES DMC/SMC = 6th November SMBBMCL(LMC) = 20th November ----------... KMDC Ke Taraf Se Abhi Tak Koe Announcement Nahe Howe Hai, Jese He Koe Announcement Hoge tu Page Per Update Kar Diya Jayega.

UNIVERSITY OF KARACHI ADMISSIONS UPDATES  FOR VISUAL STUDIES ============ -> Bachelor of Fine Art -> Bachelor of Design... -> Bachelor of Architecture Last Date of Forms Submission = 27th October, 2016 Entry Test Date = 6th November
=========== DMC/SMC/LMC/KMDC ORIGINAL PAST ENTRY TEST PAPERS =========== DMC/SMC 2005 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/…... DMC/SMC 2007 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2009 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2010 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2011 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2012 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2013 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2014 https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/photos/… DMC/SMC 2015 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… KMDC 2014 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… SMBBMCL(LMC) 2014 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… SMBBMCL(LMC) 2015 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/…
ADMISSION PROCEDURE OF DOW UNIVERSITY OF HEALTH & SCIENCES FOR OTHER FIELDS =========== 1) Sab Se Pehle Online Form Fill Karey • Online Form Link For IMT, IPM&R, DRIBBS, SPH, DCP, DIR http://duhs.edu.pk/allied2016/... • Online Form Link For INSTITUTE OF NURSING (ION) http://duhs.edu.pk/ao-nursing-2016/ • Online Form Link For One Year Courses http://duhs.edu.pk/ao-dcht-2016/ -------------------- 2) Us K Bad In Links Se Form Download Kar K Print Karwana Hai, or Fill Karne K Bad Documents or 2000 Rupees K Voucher K Sath UBL Bank Baba-e-Urdu Road Branch Main Jama Karwana Hai. • Form Download Karne Wale Link Ye Hai. • For IMT, IPM&R, DRIBBS, SPH, DCP, DIR http://duhs.edu.pk/…/Application%20form%20for%20IMT-2016100… • For INSTITUTE OF NURSING (ION) http://duhs.edu.pk/down…/Admission%20in%20ION-20161003-1.pdf • For One Year Courses http://duhs.edu.pk/…/Application%20form%20for-DCHT-20161003… --------------------- • Fee Voucher Link http://duhs.edu.pk/do…/Fee%20Voucher-combined-20161003-1.pdf ============== FIELDS DETAILS WITH THEIR ELIGIBILITY                              FIVE YEARS PROGRAM • Doctor of Physiotherapy (Eligibility 60% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE)                              FOUR YEARS PROGRAMS • Biotechnology (Eligibility 60% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Occupational Therapy (Eligibility 60% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Prosthetics & Orthotics (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Surgical technology (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Perfusion Sciences (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Dental Technology (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Dental Hygiene (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Radiologic Technology  (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate) • BS Nutrition  (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate) • Clinical Laboratory Sciences (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Clinical Opthalmic Technology (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Bachelor of Science In Nursing (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE) • Respiratory & Critical Care Technology (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate + SINDH DOMICILE)                                 TWO YEARS PROGRAMS • Radiologic Technology (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate) • Biomedical Engineering (Eligibility 50% In Intermediate)                                 ONE YEAR COURSES • Nursing Assistant  (Eligibility Matric) • Operation Theatre Technician (Eligibility Matric) • Anaesthesia Technician (Eligibility Matric) • Pharmacy Technician (Eligibility Matric)
UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES 2016-2017 Updated on 9th October
DMC/SMC FOrms Ke Last Date 10 October Hai. Ye List Check karey K Kahe AP Se Koe Form Tu Nahe Reh gaya Hai. ======== Agar Ap Srif DMC Main Apply Karna Chahte Hain tu APko 3 Forms Fill Karne Hunge. 1. DMC Ka Wo Form Jo Bank Se Liya Hai.... 2. DMC Ka Online Form  3. NTS Ka Form ------------------ Agar Aap SMC Main APply Karna Chahte Hain tu APko 3 Forms Fill Karne Hungey. 1. SMC Ka Wo Form Jo bank Se Mila Hai. 2. SMC Ka Online Form 3. NTS Ka Form ------------------- Agar Ap DMC or SMC Dono MAin Apply Karna Chahte Hain tu APko 5 Forms Fill Karne Hngey. 1. DMC Ka Wo Form Jo Bank Se Liya Hai. 2. DMC Ka Online Form  3. SMC Ka Wo Form Jo bank Se Mila Hai. 4. SMC Ka Online Form  5. NTS Ka Form =========
NTS Has Announced the List of Eligible Candidates for Federal Medical & Dental COllege (FMDC). Check Your ROll Number On This Link http://nts.org.pk/…/MinOfNatHelthService_1610201…/Search.php
ADMISSIONS UPDATES IN DUHS FOR OTHER FIELDS ========= • Application Form can be downloaded from the DUHS website (www.duhs.edu.pk) and must be submitted alongwith all required documents and Paid fee Voucher of Rs. 2000/- Only In UNITED BANK LIMITED, BABA-E-URDU ROAD BRANCH, KARACHI. • Last Date of Form Submission is 11th November. • Entry Test Date is 26th November.... • Candidate should submit only 1 Application Form at a time.
SMBBMCL(LMC) K Hawale Se Kuch AHem Batai :- ========== 1) Merit or Self K Lye Alag Forms Hai. 2) Merit or Self 2no FOrms K Lye Documents K lYe Alag Set Banega. 3) Merit or Self K FOrms 1000, 1000 pay Order Per Milenge.... 4) Test K Lye Ik ALag 2700 Ka Pay Order banana parega. 5) Test NTS Leta Hai Lekin Is K Lye Koe NTS Form Nahe Hai or Na He Koe Online FOrm. 6) Admission Form K Lye 3 Affidavits Banane Hain (Page No. 31,32 or 34 K), Baqi K Affidavits Admission K Waqt Banane Hote Hain. 7) Documents Ke Details Page No. 9, 10 ,11, 39 or 40 Per Dekhye. 8) Form Usi TCS Office Main Jama Karana Hai Jahan Se Liya Hai. 9) Forms Ke Last Date 22nd October Hain or Entry Test Ke Date 13th November Hai.
SMBBMCL (LMC) ADMISSIONS UPDATES FOR MBBS ========= Forms Picture Main Dye Gaye TCS Offices Se Milenge. Form Pay Order Per Milta Hai. Merit or Self 2no K Lye Alag Forms Lene Parenge.... Agar APko Srf Merit Per Apply Karna Hai tu 1000 Ka 1 Pay order Banwa K 1 Form Ley or Agar Apko Merit or Self 2no K Lye APply Karna Hai tu 1000,1000 K 2 Pay orders Banwa K 2 FOrms Ley. Pay Order Ap Kisi Bhi Bank Se Banwa Sakte Hain. Pay Order Is Nam Per Banega ( Principle / Project Director Shaheed Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto Medical College Lyari)
Kal FMDC K Forms Ke Last Date Hai. Test Ke Fees 650 Rupees hai. DMC/SMC Main Apply Karne Wale Practice K Tor Per Ye Test Zarur Dey. Form Procedure :- Neche Dye Gaye Link Se Form Download Karey.... Form Fill Karey or Bank Main Fees Jama Kara K Required Documents K Sath FOrm NTS K Address Per Bejh Dey. http://nts.org.pk/…/MinofNatHealth…/MinofNatHlthSrv_Form.pdf
======== DMC/SMC FOrms Updates ======== Pichle Sal DMC/SMC K Forms Ke Date Guzarne K Bad Mujhe Kae Logo K Msgs or Calls Aye the, Kisi Se Online FOrm Miss Howa Tha, Kisi Se NTS Ka FOrm, Kisi ne NTS Website Per Koe or FOrm Fill Kia Tha, Is Lye Ye Post Zyada Se Zyada Share Karey, Ta K Kisi Student Ka Saal Forms Ke Waja Se Waste Na Hojaey. ===========... Agar Ap Srif DMC Main Apply Karna Chahte Hain tu APko 3 Forms Fill Karne Hunge. 1. DMC Ka Wo Form Jo Bank Se Liya Hai. 2. DMC Ka Online Form  3. NTS Ka Form ------------------ Agar Aap SMC Main APply Karna Chahte Hain tu APko 3 Forms Fill Karne Hungey. 1. SMC Ka Wo Form Jo bank Se Mila Hai. 2. SMC Ka Online Form 3. NTS Ka Form ------------------- Agar Ap DMC or SMC Dono MAin Apply Karna Chahte Hain tu APko 5 Forms Fill Karne Hngey. 1. DMC Ka Wo Form Jo Bank Se Liya Hai. 2. DMC Ka Online Form  3. SMC Ka Wo Form Jo bank Se Mila Hai. 4. SMC Ka Online Form  5. NTS Ka Form ====== Note :-  DMC or SMC Ka 1 Test Hoga. DMC Main MBBS,BDS or Pharm-D K Lye 1 He Form Hai. SMC Me ABhi Srif MBBS K Forms Aye Hain, BDS or Pharm-D k SHyd Bad Me Ajaen. ====== Forms Fill Karne Ke Sari Details Is Link Per Dekhye :- https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/898614860269701 ======
Liaquat National Admissions Updates For Doctor of Physiotherapy (DPT)

NED UPDATES ADMISSION SCHEDULE All candidates are directed to enter their HSC marks (part i & part ii), HSC seat no (part ii) and year of passing HSC (part ii) on or before September 23, 2016. Merit/call list will be based upon these entered marks. Name of such candidates will be excluded from merit/call list, if any candidate enter incorrect marks/ details or does not enter data within the prescribed date.

NTS Form Filling Procedure (DMC/SMC) ========== STEP-1 Is Link Per CLick karey ;- http://nts.org.pk/…/SMC_Sep2016_Onli…/SMC_Sep2016_Online.php... . STEP-2  Next Page Main ONLINE REGISTRATION Per CLick Karey,  . STEP-3 Next Page Main Left Column Main APni ID Banaye or SIGN UP Karey. ID Banne K Bad Ap Jab Bhi APna Form Open Karna Chahogey tu WO Right SIde Per LOGIN Se HOGA. SIGNUP Karne K Bad Form Ajaeyga. . STEP-4 Form Pora Fill Karey, DESIRED UNIVERSITIES Main DUHS or JSMU K Nam Dye Hain. Agar AP Srif Ik University Main Apply Karna Chahte Hain tu Srif 1 University Per Tick Karey or Agar AP 2no Universities Main Aplly Karna Chahte Hain tu 2no Universities Per Tick karey. FOrm FIll Karne K bad Pora Form 2,3 Bar Parhey Q K SUBMIT Per CLick karne K Bad FOrm Me Koe Changes Nahe Ho Sakti hai. Form FIll Kar K 2,3 Bar Check Karne K Bad SUbmit Per Click Karey. . STEP-5 SUbmit Per Click Karne K Bad 3 Pages Ka Form Ayega,  WO FOrm Download Karke Uska Printout Nikalwana hai. Printout Nikalwane K Bad Wo Us Main Se Fees Wali SLip Ka Page Bank Main Fees K Sath Jama Karana Hai. Bank Copy Bank Wale Le Lenge or NTS Copy Apko De Denge. NTS Copy K 5,6 Photocopies Kara K Apne Pas Rakhne Q K NTS COpy Ke Photocopies DMC or SMC Form K Sath Bhi Bejhni Hai. . STEP-6 Form K baqi 2 Pages Main Jo Blanks Fill Nahe Hai Wo Fill Kar K Neche Dye gaye Documents K Sath NTS K IS Address [(SMC Project) National Testing Service, National Testing Service 1-E, Street No. 46, I-8/2,Islamabad] per  TCS K Zarye Bejhne Hai. Attested Photocopy of CNIC Attested Photocopy of Domicile Attested Photocopy of SSC Marks Sheet Attested Photocopy of HSSC Marks Sheet Original deposit slip having bank’s stamp of Rs 1000 paid as Test Fee to NTS
DMC/SMC FOrms Updates ======== Agar Ap Srif DMC Main Apply Karna Chahta Hain tu APko 3 Forms Fill Karne Hunge. 1. DMC Ka Wo Form Jo Bank Se Liya Hai. 2. DMC Ka Online Form ... http://duhs.edu.pk/mbbs2016 3. NTS Ka Form (NTS Ka Form Abhi Tak NTS Ke Website Per Update Nahe Howa Hai Jab Update Hoga tu Main Procedure Post Kar DUnga). ------------------ Agar Aap SMC  Main APply Karna Chahte Hain tu APko 3 Forms Fill Karne Hungey. 1. SMC Ka Wo Form Jo bank Se Mila Hai. 2. SMC Ka Online Form (SMC Ka Online Form Fill KArne K Bad 1 Code Ata Hain WO Zaroor Save Karna Hai Save Karne k Uska Print Out Nikalwa K Form K Sath Bejhna Hai) http://www.jsmu-ae.com/mbbs.html 3. NTS Ka Form ------------------- Agar Ap DMC or SMC Dono MAin Apply Karna Chahte Hain tu APko 5 Forms Fill Karne Hngey. 1. DMC Ka Wo Form Jo Bank Se Liya Hai. 2. DMC Ka Online Form  3. SMC Ka Wo Form Jo bank Se Mila Hai. 4. SMC Ka Online Form  5. NTS Ka Form ====== Note :-  DMC or SMC Ka 1 Test Hoga. DMC Main MBBS,BDS or Pharm-D K Lye 1 He Forms Hai. SMC Me ABhi Srif MBBS K Forms Aye Hain, BDS or Pharm-D k SHyd Bad Me Ajaen.
IIEE ADMISSIONS UPDATES
Good ews For Medical Students Is Sal JSMU Main MBBS K Sath BDS K Admissions Bhi Ho Rahe Hain.
DMC/SMC Forms Updates ------- DMC K Forms UBL K Specified Branches or SMC K HBL K Specified Branches Se Milenge. Jo K Neche Dye Gaye Hain. Bank Main Apko 1 Receipt Milegi, Wo Fill Kar K 1000 Rupees K Sath Wahe Jama Karane Se APko Form or Prospectus Mil Jayega. Wahan Apke Koe Documents Nahe Chahye Reciept Main Srf Apna Nam Father Nam or Apna CNIC ya Bfrom Number Likhna Hota Hai.... (Form Kahan Jama Karana hai Ye ABhi COnfirm Nahe Hai, Ye Prospectus Dekhne K bad He Confirm Hoga Is Se Pehle DMC Ka Form Wahe Jama Karna Hota Jahan Se Liya Ho or SMC Ka Form TCS K Zarye SMC K Address Per Bejhna Hota tha) Documents Ke Details Prospectus Mai Likhi Hogi. Form Milne K bad Apko NTS Ka Form Bhi Fill Karna Hoga Jo Apko NTS Ke Website Per Per Online Fill Krna hota hai.  (NTS Form Procedure Kal Post Kar Dunga). Dono Universities K Forms Alag or NTS Ka 1 Form Hota Hai, NTS Form Fill Karne k bad NTS Form Se ik Chalan Milega Wo Bank Mai Jama Karane K Bad Uski Photocopy DMC or SMC FOrms K Sath Bejhni Hoti hai. --------- DUHS K Forms UBL K In Branches Se Milenge :- 1) Baba-e-Urdu Raod 2) Main Rashid Minhas Road branch 3) Gulshan-e-Zubaida North Nazimabad Branch 4) Drig Raod Township Branch 5) Civic Centre Gulshan-e-Iqbal Branch . JSMU K Forms HBL K In Branches Se Milenge :- 1) JPMC Branch  2) Barkat-e-Hyderi Branch  3) Kehkashan Cliftion Branch (Boat Basin)  4) Gulishtan-e-Johar Branch  5) Hassan Square Branch
DMC/SMC Forms Updates ------- DMC K Forms UBL K Specified Branches or SMC K HBL K Specified Branches Se Milenge. Jo K Neche Dye Gaye Hain. Bank Main Apko 1 Receipt Milegi, Wo Fill Kar K 1000 Rupees K Sath Wahe Jama Karane Se APko Form or Prospectus Mil Jayega. Wahan Apke Koe Documents Nahe Chahye Reciept Main Srf Apna Nam Father Nam or Apna CNIC ya Bfrom Number Likhna Hota Hai.... DMC Ka Form Wahe Jama Hoga Jahan Se Liya Hai or SMC Ka Form TCS K Zarye SMC K Address Per Bejhna Hota Hai. Documents Ke Details Prospectus Mai Likhi Hogi. Form Milne K bad Apko NTS Ka Form Bhi Fill Karna Hoga Jo Apko NTS Ke Website Per Per Online Fill Krna hota hai.  (NTS Form Procedure Kal Post Kar Dunga)
DUHS & JSMU ADMISSIONS UPDATES  (MBBS, BDS & PHARM-D)
MEDICAL FIELDS WITH ELIGIBILITY ======== In Mai Se Aap Apni Percentage K Lihaz Se Field or University Choose Kar Sakte Hain. Left Column Main Universities K Naam Hai or Right Column Main Us University K Fields Hai. or Un Fields Ke Eligibility Red Colour Wale Hai. Fields K Full Form Last Me Likhe Hain.... In Fields K ilawa Aap or Fields Main Bhi Admission Le Sakte Hain Like (LLB, BBA, Chemistry etc). In Fields K ilawa Agar Ap Karachi University Mai Koe Or Field Lena Chahte Hain tu uski details is link per dekhye :- https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/831504996980688 . Agar Ap Private University Afford Nahe Kar Sakte Hain or Govt University Mai Jis FIeld Mai Ho Raha Hai Wo APko Pasand Nahe Hai tu Apke Pas Last Option Srif IMPROVEMENT Ka hai. --------- Note :- Scope Ka Mujh Se Na Pucha Karey Q K Mai Khud Bhi Student Hun Is Lye Mujhe Scope Ka Nahe Pata. Pre-Engieering, Commerce or Arts Students Se Mazrat Chahta Hun Q K Mai Khud Medical Ka Student Hun Is Lye Mujhe Srf Medical Fields K Bare Main Zyada Pata Hai.

MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATE (MBBS, BDS, Pharm-D) ========== DMC/SMC Issuance of Forms = 19th September... Last Date of Forms = 10th October Entry Test Date = 30th October ---------------- LMC Issuance of Forms = 27th September Last Date of Forms = 22nd October Entry Test Date = 13th November =========== KMDC Ke taraf Se abhi tak Koe Announcement Nahe Howe Hai.
FMDC (Islamabad) Admissions Updates  (MBBS) ======= Last Date of Forms = 20th September Entry Test Date = 8th October... Seats For Sindh Rural = 9 Seats For SIndh Urban = 6 ------ Procedure  ======== 1) Neche Dye Gaye Link Se Form Download Kar K Print Karwaye, 2) Form Se Fees Chalan Wala Page Nikal K Bank Me Fees Jama Karwaye. 3) Form Fill Kar K Required Documents K Sath Form Per Dye Gaye NTS Address Per Bejh De. Form Link :- http://nts.org.pk/…/MinofNatHea…/MinofNatHealthServ_0916.php
DUHS Admissions Updates  (MBBS, BDS, PHARM-D)
Karachi University Admissions Criteria & Last Year Closing Percentages ========== MORNING :~ TEST BASED PROGRAMS = In Departments Main Admissions Inter Percenta...ge Per Hote Hain Lekin, Test main Apko Srif 50 Marks Lene Hote Hain. Test Pass karna Lazmi Hai. --------- OPEN MERIT PROGRAMS = In Departments Main bhi Admissions Inter % Per Hote Hain Lekin In Me Koe Test Nahe Hota Hain. --------- EVENING :~ Evening Main Srif 4 Departments Test Based Hain. Applied Physics, BSSE, BSCE, BBA In Main Applied Physics, BSSE, BSCS Main Wahe Morning Wala Rule Hai Jabke BBA Main Aggregate Banta Hai ( Academic 40% + Test 60%)
Karachi K Government Medical Colleges (MBBS,BDS) Main Eid-ul-Azha or Result Main Takheer Ke Waja Se Admissions Form Main Tausee Kar De Gae Hai. New Dates :- Issuance of Forms = 19th September  Last Date of Forms = 05th October  Entry Test Date = 30th October
UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES 2016 ==== Updated On 6th September
Hamdard University Admissions Updates (MBBS, BDS, Pharm-D, BEMS)
Lyari Medical College Admissions Updates  (MBBS) ==== Issuance of Forms = 20th September  Last Date of Forms =15th October ... Entry Test Date = 6th November
FMDC (Islamabad) & Some Private Universities Admissions Updates
NED Updates  HSC Marks Sheet uploading date extended till 23-09-2016

NED Entry Test Result Statistics  ===== Number of Candidates Appeared = 9346 Passed Candidates = 6575 ----------... Passing Ratio  ====== Karachi Board = 82.2% Aga Khan/Cambridge Board = 93% Federal Board = 84% Punjab/KPK/Balouchistan Board = 66% Hyderabad Board = 41.5% Sukkur Board = 35% Larkana Board = 34% Mirpurkhas Board = 45%
UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES Updated on 28th August
Dawood University Admissions Updates
Sir Syed University of Engineering & Technology Admissions Updates  Last Date of Forms Submission = 23rd September  Entry Test Date = 2nd October

Liaquat National Medical College Admissions Updates Last Date of Forms Submission = 17th September
Preston University Admissions Updates
Indus University Admissions Updates
Bahria Medical and Dental College Admissions Updates  Last date of forms submission = 5th October  Entry Test Date = 22nd October
Sir Syed University of Engineering & Technology Admissions Updates  Last Date of Forms Submission = 23rd September  Entry Test Date = 2nd October
Fatima Jinnah Dental College Admissions Updates (BDS) Last Date of Forms Submission = 28th September  Entry Test Date = 30th September
Usman Institute of Technology Admissions Updates (Affiliated with NED) Last Date Of Forms Submission = 31st August  Entry Test Date = 4th September
NED Entry Test Result has been announced. Check Your Result on this link http://www.neduet.edu.pk/admissi…/…/RESULT_2016_17/index.htm
NED Admissions Updates Remaining Procedure & Schedule
NED Admissions 2016-17 Notice For Passed Candidates
Dawood University Admissions Updates ------- Last Date of Forms Submission = 22nd September  Entry Test Date = 22nd October  Admissions 2016-17 (Batch-2017)... . Online Registartion Link http://nts.org.pk/…/…/DUET_July2016_Online/DUET_July2016.php

NED Entry Test For Admissions 2016-17 =========== Number of Candidates Pre-Engineering = 8300 Pre-Medical = 1002... Computer Science = 145 Commerce = 13 -------- Number of Seats Regular = 2024 Self Finance = 589 -------- Entry Test Date = 27th August  Test Timing = 10 A.M to 12 P.M Test Passing Marks = 50 Answer Key will be uploaded after 15 Mintues of Test on NED Official Website and Result will be announced at 8 P.M. -------- Best of Luck to All of You
UNIVERSITIES RANKING
NED ENTRY TEST UPDATES All such candidates who have not yet received their admit cards, are advised to *CONTACT IN PERSON* to the Manager NBP ( NED UET Branch ) during the office hours (8:30am to 5:00pm) along with the following... documents. 1. Original CNIC 2. Transaction slip 3. Original Bank Slip
=========== MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES ENTRY TEST PAST PAPERS (DMC/SMC/LMC/KMDC) =========== DMC/SMC 2005 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/…... DMC/SMC 2007 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2009 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2010 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2011 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2012 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2013 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… DMC/SMC 2014 https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/photos/… DMC/SMC 2015 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… KMDC 2014 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… SMBBMCL(LMC) 2014 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… SMBBMCL(LMC) 2015 https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/…
Liaquat College of Medicine & Dentistry Admissions Updates  For MBBS & BDS Last Date of Form SUbmission = 21st September Entry Test Date = 1st October
Jinnah University For Women Admissions Updates 2016-17
========== NED UNIVERSITY PAST ENTRY TEST PAPERS ========== ENGLISH https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/…... MATHEMATICS https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… PHYSICS https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/… CHMEISTRY https://www.facebook.com/McatEcatGuidelineForum/photos/…
Universities Admissions Updates 2016-17 Updated on 18th August
Mehran University of Engineering & Technology (MUET) Admissions Updates 2016-17 -------- Admission Form and a copy of Prospectus can be obtained from 18-08-2016 to 27-08-2016 from designated TCS Centers on payment of Rs.3000/- Admission form and Prospectus fee + Rs.250/- TCS charges for each after getting registered with online system and obtaining registration number, the candidate has to provide all the required information/data to online system. The Admission Form along wi...th the photo state copy of online form and required documents must be submitted in the same TCS Centre or sent by mail under Registered Post to the undersigned from 18-08-2016 to 31-08-2016. (No any admission form will be accepted without going through online registration system and getting valid registration number). . Designated TCS Centers: (1)    Hyderabad Area Office  (2)    Main Qasimabad TCS Office, Hyderabad  (3)    Main Saddar TCS Office, Hyderabad  (4)    Main Auto bhan Road TCS Office, Hyderabad  (5)    Badin TCS Office  (6)    Dadu TCS Office,  (7)    Mirpurkhas Station TCS Office  (8)    Umerkot Express Centre  (9)    Naushehroferoze Branch TCS Office  (10)    Tando Allahyar Branch TCS Office  (11)    Sanghar Branch TCS Office  (12)    Tando Muhammad Khan Branch TCS Office  (13)    Nawabshah Station TCS Office  (14)    Thatta Branch TCS Office  (15)    Tando Adam Branch TCS Office  (16)    Hala Branch TCS Office  (17)    Sakrand Branch TCS Office  (18)    Matli Branch TCS Office  (19)    Mithi Agent Location TCS Office  (20)    Jamshoro Express TCS Centre  (21)    Daharki Branch TCS Office  (22)    Mirpur Mathelo Branch TCS Office  (23)    Gambat Branch TCS Office  (24)    Mehar Branch TCS Office  (25)    Jacobabad Branch TCS Office  (26)    Khairpur Mirs Branch TCS Office  (27)    Kandhkot Branch TCS Office  (28)    Larkana Station TCS Office  (29)    Shahdadkot Branch TCS Office  (30)    Shikarpur Branch TCS Office  (31)    Sukkur Area TCS Office  (32)    Ghotki Branch TCS Office  (33)    Amber Tower Shahrah Faisal, Karachi TCS Office  (34)    Gulshan-e-Iqbal TCS Office, Karachi.
United Medical & Dental College (UMDC) Admissions Updates -------- Last Date of Forms Submission = 30th September Entry Test Date = 2nd October -----... Admission Procedure Link http://www.umdc.edu.pk/TestShedule.aspx
NED Admissions Updates
Result of First Test of NUMS has been announced by NTS. Check your scores here: http://nts.org.pk/…/NUMS_EntTest_0607082016_Resu…/Search.php
Dawood University of Engineering & Technology Admissions Updates  Tentative Advertisement For Admission = August Last Week Test Date = 22nd October  Test will be conducted by NTS.

Medical Universities Entry Test Updates DMC & SMC Entry Test = 23rd October  LMC Entry Test = 6th November  Issuance of Forms = 12th September  Last Date Of Forms = 2nd October


By Noor Us Sabah (Topper of MCAT 2015) I prepared from KIPS throughout and took almost all their tests. I joined STAR for the crash and grand session and took 6 or 7 tests. Both may have helped. BUT THE ACADEMY DOESN'T MATTER AS MUCH AS YOUR OWN EFFORT. The real MCAT paper had many MCQs that neither STAR nor KIPS had prepared us for. The only way to tackle the MCAT is to study thoroughly. Academy is important for time management and practice. They also guide you about how to ...study and what to study. After that, it's your own passion that drives you forward. Many KIPS students got poor marks and same goes for star so joining an academy can't guarantee good marks. You have to enjoy MCAT. Don't take it as a burden. I loved studying for MCAT but I hated FSc like hell. And never lose trust in Allah and in your abilities.  In the end, always remember that MCAT isn't a test to determine your success or happiness because these things never depend on a single 150 minute test. What really is important is your character, personality, love for your people, and the ability to be thankful to Allah no matter what happens! Best of Luck dear buddies! :) :) :) - Copied pOst
Admissions Open In Baqai Medical University For : Pharm-D, DPT, MT, BScN, BSSE, BBA. Last date of forms submission is 30th September.
Admissions Open In Baqai Medical University For : Pharm-D, DPT, MT, BScN, BSSE, BBA. Last date of forms submission is 30th September.

Karachi University Last Year Closing Percentages List (Morning & Evening) ~~~~~~~ MORNING :~ TEST BASED PROGRAMS = In Departments Main Admissions Inter Percenta...ge Per Hote Hain Lekin, Test main Apko Srif 50 Marks Lene Hote Hain. Test Pass karna Lazmi Hai. --------- OPEN MERIT PROGRAMS = In Departments Main bhi Admissions Inter % Per Hote Hain Lekin In Me Koe Test Nahe Hota Hain. --------- EVENING :~ Evening Main Srif 4 Departments Test Based Hain. Applied Physics, BSSE, BSCE, BBA In Main Applied Physics, BSSE, BSCS Main Wahe Morning Wala Rule Hai Jabke BBA Main Aggregate Banta Hai ( Academic 40% + Test 60%)
NUMS UPDATES Application Status of students who applied for NUMS.  See if your application is accepted or not on the following link: http://www.nts.org.pk/…/07…/NUMS_270716_PrvElgRej/Search.php
Sir Syed University of Engineering & Technology Admissions Updates  Entry Test Date = 2nd October
Universities Admissions Updates
NED UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS 2016-17 ------- Online Admission Portal is available at http://www.neduet.edu.pk/admission/index.html . Last Date of Application Submission (Online) = 14th August,2016.... Entry Test Date = 27th August . Advertisement https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/864479870349867/… . Admission Procedure https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/864485673682620 . Banks & Instructions to fill out the Deposit Slip https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/864489017015619 . Guidelines For Photograph https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/864491663682021/… . Documents required at the time of interview/admission. https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/864490423682145/… . Seats Distribution https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/photos/… . Fee Structure https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/864512530346601/… . Last Year Closing Percentages List https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/863253297139191/… . Frequently Asked Questions https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/photos/…
NED University Admissions Updates Guidelines For Photograph
NED University Admissions Updates Candidates are required to submit the following documents at the time of interview/admission.
NED Admissions Updates Banks & Instructions to fill out the Deposit Slip

NED UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS UPDATES 2016-17 ------- Online Admission Portal is available at http://www.neduet.edu.pk/admission/index.html . Last Date of Application Submission (Online) = 14th August,2016.... Entry Test Date = 27th August





DMC ELIGIBILITY & REQUIREMENTS ======== Ye Details Pichle Saal K Prospectus Se Le Gae Hain. Jin Points Per Red Nishan Hai Wo Zaror Parhey Q K Ye Aese Documents ...Hain Jin Ke Waja Se Har Saal Kuch Students Test Nahe De Patey Hain. ==== Note :- Ap K Jo Friends Medical Universities K Test Denge Unko Zaror Mention Karey.
KMDC ELIGIBILITY & REQUIREMENTS ====== Jin Points Per Red Nishan Hai Wo Zaror Parhey Q K Ye Aese Documents Hain Jin Ke Waja Se Har Saal Kuch Students Test Nahe De Patey Hain. ==== Note :- Ap K Jo Friends Medical Universities K Test Denge Unko Zaror Mention Karey.
NED University Admission Updates  Online Forms will be available from 25th July.


NED University Past Papers (Mathematics)
NED University Past Papers (Physics)
Dawood University Admissions Updates
Admission Updates In Ziauudin University  MBBS BDS PHARMACY  BE... Biomedical Engineering  BS-CMS BS-ASLT
UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES 2016

Universities Admissions Updates



For MCAT/ECAT/BCAT STUDENTS ************** => Universities In Which Admissions Are Open Now => Anees Hussain Coaching Centre Notes For MCAT/ECAT => PAst Entry Test Papers of NED,DMC,SMC,LMC,KMDC & FAST...



UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES Updated on 20th June
Fast University Admissions Updates
University Of Karachi Admissions Updates For Masters/BS Programs (Evening) 2016-17
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT 1st Year (Biology)
 HEC Chairman Dr Mukhtar Ahmad said: 1. HEC through the country’s first government testing body “Education Testing Council” (ETC), will conduct free, standardised tests for university admissions. 2. The test will be free for all students who wish to gain admission in public and private universities. And government will bear the cost of this test, which will be held twice a year. 3. ETC will arrange a standardised entry test for university admissions, for which the respective university will determine the weightage of the test. 4. HEC would initially conduct tests for undergraduate and subsequently for MS and PhD admissions, which will be valid for a period of two years. Full story at: http://dailytimes.com.pk/…/standardised-tests-of-internatio…

IBA Past Entry Test Papers https://iba.edu.pk/past_entry_test_papers.php
Federal Urdu University Admissions Updates (Evening) Last Date of Form Submission = 1st July Eligibility For Bachelors Programs = 45% in Intermediate
SMBBMCL (LMC) Original Entry test Paper 2014
SMBBMCL (LMC) Original Entry test Paper 2015
Hamdard University Admissions Updates ;;; Dates for the Entry Test will be announced later.
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Biology)
NUST Admissions Updates
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 1st Year (Chemistry)
Iqra University Admission Updates

How to know the values of Sin Teta and Cos Teta without calculator. ~~~ This will be more helpful for medical students because they don't allow calculator in entry test.
UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 1st Year (Physics)

ADMISSION UPDATES IN USMAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (UIT) (Affiliated with NED) ======== Last Date For Application = 31st August, 2016
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Biology)
KMDC Original Entry Test Paper 2014
NUMS Procedure
MEDICAL UNIVERSITIES ADMISSIONS UPDATES ===== Tamam Sarkari Universities K Forms 5th September Se Jari Kye Jaengey. Forms Jama Karani Ki Akhri Tareekh 25th September Hogi. Sindh Bhar K Universities K Entry Tests 16th october Ko Lye Jaengey.
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Chemistry)
ANEES HUSSAIN Notes For MCAT/ECAT 2nd Year (Physics)



[COPIED] *Key Points to Remember in your Aptitude Test, 1) Plan to execute. planning is really important, set your test margins and prepare yourself by proper time managements. Do not give priority to one specific subject as to achieve higher scores, you will have to conquer all the borders . 2) For biology, textbook book reading is all you want. Focus on human biology priorly. So far, we have not seen any NTS paper without variation and genetics chapter.... 3) Do not forget to memorize boxes given in your biology books. Once in KMDC test, islamic ayats were also asked from biology textbooks. 4) For chemistry, Finish doing numericals of 1st year first. Then come to theory of 1st year and 2nd year. By products and catalysts are equally important to memorize in organic chemistry. 5) As you know NTS has changed the trend for physics. Now they give almost 20 numericals from total 30 physics questions. Numericals should be your first target in physics preparation. 6) English MCQS are mostly easy in NTS test, but you never know where they are confusing you. Grammar and Vocab, reading and answer picking skills are mostly check. 7) Self Confidence and Time Management is all you need to have on test day. Stay relax, calm and confident. Do not waste your excessive time over one complicated MCQ, that might let you loose 10 easy MCQS there. 8 ) Too much thinking is crime in this test. if the topic asked is well studied by you, you'ld easily get the answer in first look. if still you feel some confusion between two or more options, try to re-read the question and recall your memory instead of staring at the options. 9) English MCQS are mostly easy in NTS test, but you never know where they are confusing you. Grammar and Vocab, reading and answer picking skills are mostly check. 10) One thing important. If unfortunately you are unable to get your target, do not be dissapointed or depressed. Disappointment is something we all deal with at some point in our lives. We all want certain things in life, and sometimes we get them and sometimes we don't. Feeling disappointment is perfectly normal, but we have to be careful how we deal with it. Everything is not for everyone. Indeed Allah is the best planner for us so, Trust on Allah, Move on, Look up the left over chances and Never give up.

DMC ELIGIBILITY & REQUIREMENTS ======== Ye Details Pichle Saal K Prospectus Se Le Gae Hain. Jin Points Per Red Nishan Hai Wo Zaror Parhey Q K Ye Aese Documents Hain Jin Ke Waja Se Har Saal Kuch Students Test Nahe De Patey Hain. ====... Note :- Ap K Jo Friends Medical Universities K Test Denge Unko Zaror Mention Karey.
KMDC ELIGIBILITY & REQUIREMENTS ====== Jin Points Per Red Nishan Hai Wo Zaror Parhey Q K Ye Aese Documents Hain Jin Ke Waja Se Har Saal Kuch Students Test Nahe De Patey Hain. ==== Note :- Ap K Jo Friends Medical Universities K Test Denge Unko Zaror Mention Karey.
National University Of Medical Sciences New Entry Test Registration Forms are now available to download ,due to some errors NUMS have made changes in registration forms. 1) Result awaiting students can apply for Entry Test 2016. 2) O levels & A levels student can mention their grades on form.(Equivalence certificate will be required at the time of Admission only). 3) Last date for submission is 15 July for first test and 26 August for second entry test (MBBS/BDS)  4)Account n...o mentioned in Fee Tickets is valid now with Account Title "NUMS Fee Acc". 6)Entry Test Syllabus is available on NUMS Website. 7)This Entry Test Score is Valid for all NUMS Constituent and Affiliate Colleges. 5)You can download new form from  http://numspak.edu.pk/admission/entry-test-admission-forms  or http://www.nts.org.pk/…/…/052016/NUMS_21052016/NUMS_0516.php For Any Queries Please Write Us on admission@numspak.edu.pk

Bahria University Admission Updates ========= PROGRAMS 1) BS (CS,IT) 2) BBA... 3) BS (A&F) 4) BS (Professional Psychology) 5) BS (Geology, Geophysics, Environ.. Sci) 6) BSS (Media Studies) 7) BSE (S.E), BCE (C.E) 8) BEE (Electronic/Telecom) '''''''' Last Date to Apply = 13th July   Entry Test = 16th July Onwards
DMC/SMC Original Entry test Paper 2014 '''''' #DMCPastPapers #SMCPastPapers #NTSPastPapers #MedicalCollegesPastPapers
DMC/SMC Original Entry test Paper 2014 '''''' #DMCPastPapers #SMCPastPapers #NTSPastPapers #MedicalCollegesPastPapers
DMC/SMC Original Entry test Paper 2013 '''''' #DMCPastPapers #SMCPastPapers #NTSPastPapers #MedicalCollegesPastPapers
DMC/SMC Original Entry test Paper 2012 '''''' #DMCPastPapers #SMCPastPapers #NTSPastPapers #MedicalCollegesPastPapers
DMC/SMC Original Entry test Paper 2011 '''''' #DMCPastPapers #SMCPastPapers #NTSPastPapers #MedicalCollegesPastPapers
DMC/SMC Original Entry test Paper 2010 '''''' #DMCPastPapers #SMCPastPapers #NTSPastPapers #MedicalCollegesPastPapers
DMC/SMC Original Entry test Paper 2009 '''''' #DMCPastPapers #SMCPastPapers #NTSPastPapers #MedicalCollegesPastPapers
DMC/SMC Entry test Paper 2007 '''''' #DMCPastPapers #SMCPastPapers #NTSPastPapers #MedicalCollegesPastPapers

NUMS Entry Test Syllabus
NUMS Complete Details ''''''''''''''''''' => NUMS Colleges/Institutes => Seats => Test Pattern... => Entry Test Dates  => Entry Test Cities => Eligibility  => Admission Process . => Syllabus https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… . => Form Link https://www.facebook.com/media/set/…
NED University Past Papers (Physics)
NED University Past Papers (Mathematics)


Universities Admission Updates
ADMISSION UPDATES FOR NUMS ~~~~~~~~ Last Date Of Form Submission Is 6th June. . Here the link of Form... http://www.nts.org.pk/…/…/052016/NUMS_21052016/NUMS_0516.php ~~~~~~ Institutes Under NUMS: Medical and Dental Colleges Army Medical College, Rawalpindi, Punjab CMH Lahore Medical College, Lahore, Punjab CMH Multan Institute of Medical Sciences Multan, Punjab Quetta Institute of Medical Sciences, Quetta, Balochistan Allied Health Sciences AFPGMI,Rawalpindi
AKU Last Date Of forms Submission is 10th June
Syllabus For #NUMS Entry Test 2016 (MBBS & BDS)
NUMS Entry Test Date and Details: Test Dates: Two tests will be conducted on following dates: 1) August 7, 2016 2) September 18, 2016... The tests will be conducted by NTS in all major cities. Test Pattern: Total Marks: 180 Duration: 3 Hours Physics - 45 MCQs Chemistry - 45 MCQs English - 20 MCQs Biology - 70 MCQs Institutes Under NUMS: Medical and Dental Colleges Army Medical College, Rawalpindi, Punjab CMH Lahore Medical College, Lahore, Punjab CMH Multan Institute of Medical Sciences Multan, Punjab Quetta Institute of Medical Sciences, Quetta, Balochistan Allied Health Sciences AFPGMI,Rawalpindi
SMBBMCL(LMC) Provisonal List Has been Updated. Check You Merit Number on this link http://nts.org.pk/…/012016/SMBBMC_Lyari_13Dec201…/Search.php





#KARACHI_UNIVERSITY_ADMISSIONS_2016_FOR_EVENING_PROGRAMS ************************************************************************** => Last Date Of Form Submission is 4th January,2016. => Forms Karachi University K UBL Branch Se Milengey Or Wahe Jama Hongey. => Form Price = 1500 Rupees... => Srif 3 Departments Test Based Hai (Applied Physics, Computer Science & BBA) Baqi Sarey Departments Open Merit Per Hai. . => Advertisement Link https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/753955278068994/… . => Last Year Closing Percentages Link https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/755299237934598/… . => Fee Structure Link https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/755288244602364 . => Test Paper Distribution For BBA,Applied Physics & Computer Science  https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/755296681268187/… . => Donor Seats Fee Structure Link https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/755288311269024/…


ADMISSION UPDATES FOR BS/BE IN HAMDARD UNIVERSITY ============================= BS PROGRAMS = COMPUTER SCIENCE & SOFTWARE ENGINEERING BE PROGRAMS = BIOMEDICAL, COMPUTER SYSTEM, ENERGY & ELECTRONICS .... Last Date Of Form SUbmission = 22 January,2016. Test Date = 24th January,2016. . Online Form Available at : http://admissions.hamdard.edu.pk/ Form are available from the following Campuses: . Sharea Faisal : 021-34531130 ; 021-34381415-6 North Nazimabad : 021-36647162, 021-36648111 Main Campus : 021-36440041-42 . Students who had appeared in Karachi University or any other public sector University`s BS Entry Test and had acquired 50 or above marks can get admission in BS Computer Science Program without test. . Pre Engineering Students can get admission in any Engineering Program without test if they had acquired 50 or above marks in NTS, MUET or NED Entry Test. . Pre-Medical students can get admission in BE Bio Medical Engg without entry test if they had acquired 50 or above marks in MCAT/ECAT or any medical entry test of D-Pharm, MBBS, BDS etc. in any public sector university.
#KARACHI_UNIVERSITY OPEN MERIT BACHELORS PROGRAMS (MORNING) ADMISSIONS 2016 ''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' => LIST OF SELECTED CANDIDATES Link https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… .... => CLOSING PERCENTAGES https://www.facebook.com/…/a.573935109404…/758431227621399/… . => INSTRUCTION FOR SELECTED CANDIDATES & FOR THOSE WHO ARE NOT SATISFIED WITH PROVISIONAL LIST https://www.facebook.com/educationinkarachi45/posts/758437197620802
FUUAST Entry Test Candidates  Best of Luck For Tomorrow Test May Allah Give You Success.






Dear MCAT & ECAT Students On This Page, You Will Get Information Related to Universities Of Karachi (DUHS,JSMU,KMDC,KU,NED,DUET,FUUAST & Private Universities) Please Invite Your Friends to Like this Page https://www.facebook.com/MCAT-ECAT-Preparation-Guideline-Forum-569308973218261/


Post





Dear Friends, I need urgent info regarding "Lahore Leads University". 1- University kasi hai y. 2- BSCS program kasa ha iska r kab se kerva rehy. 3- BSCS PROGRAM r baqi program iska HEC se recognized hain kya??... 4- BSCS ki faculty kasi ha?? r koi student ha edar Lahore LEADS Univeristy ka

Hi all. I've just started LevelOne, an education and career counseling marketplace. Join a network of education and career counselors, college admission and test preparation experts, representatives, students and graduates of top universities and bootcamps, and HR's and accomplished professionals helping individuals choose the right study and career paths, get into top schools, and obtain their dream jobs. Check it out https://levelone.pro/.


How many times have you said this to yourself? How many times have people around you suggested the default careers of lawyer, doctor, engineer only for you to shake your head but be unable to give yourself an alternative? Well, worry no more! Merafuture.pk helps you wade through the tricky waters of finding the perfect career with a comprehensive aptitude test!

Last year Merit Lcwu  / Fee structure / programs offered  کسی بھی قسم کے مسلے کے لیے ہم سے رابطہ کریں ۔مزید یہ جاننے کے لیے ویڈیو لازمی دیکھیے  *For More Daily basis Update join us on   social accounts*  *FaceBook Group* :

 Grammarly (grammatical errors and structure)... Turnitin (best plagiarism checker) Quillbot (best plagiarism remover) We also provide dissertation and article writing services at affordable fee.  We help researchers publish their papers in high indexed journals without any payment or publication fee. Remember, the slogan "publish or perish". 

Admissions Open in BBA (4 Years) and BBA (2 Years). 33% Discount available. Terms & Conditions Apply. Apply Online: apply-admission.hamdard.edu.pk Visit: www.hamdard-isb.edu.pk For Queries contact: 0312-4801172, 0333-9827975
𝐏𝐀𝐂 𝐨𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐚 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐬𝐮𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬. Join PAC for On Campus physical classes. Admissions are Now Open for CA-AFC in Rs. 60,000 only* Don't miss out this opportunity and enroll yourself now. Scholarships are also available. 𝗠𝗲𝗿𝗶𝘁 𝗕𝗮𝘀𝗲𝗱 & 𝗡𝗲𝗲𝗱 𝗕𝗮𝘀𝗲𝗱 𝗦𝗰𝗵𝗼𝗹𝗮𝗿𝘀𝗵𝗶𝗽𝘀 Hostel & Transport Facility also available for students. Choose Success with PAC - Join Professional Academy of Commerce Now! For more Information Call @ 03335022198 / 03315312992 / 03099345818 / (051) 5402808 or Visit us @ Main Kashmir highway Near G-14/1 Islamabad Stay connected with us! ► Subscribe to PAC: @PAC - Islamabad & Rawalpindi ► Follow us on Instagram: https://bit.ly/2CrMGlf ► Visit our website: https://bit.ly/2DUmNv3 ►Find us on Twitter: https://bit.ly/30T70W5 ► Follow us on Linkedin: https://bit.ly/3fTDl3g Fill the form below to get a call back: https://bit.ly/3fTDl3g #CA #PAC #ICAPPakistan #AFC #accountinginpakistan #ALEVELS #accountancypakistan #Gamechanger #LanguageOfSuccess #AdmissionsOpen #ICAP #summerAttempt #AdmissionOpen2020 #RegisterNow #Goals2020 #Pakistan #Islamabad #accounting #finance #taxation
𝐏𝐀𝐂 𝐨𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐚 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐬𝐮𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬. Join PAC for On Campus physical classes. Admissions are Now Open for CA-AFC in Rs. 60,000 only* Don't miss out this opportunity and enroll yourself now. Scholarships are also available. 𝗠𝗲𝗿𝗶𝘁 𝗕𝗮𝘀𝗲𝗱 & 𝗡𝗲𝗲𝗱 𝗕𝗮𝘀𝗲𝗱 𝗦𝗰𝗵𝗼𝗹𝗮𝗿𝘀𝗵𝗶𝗽𝘀 Hostel & Transport Facility also available for students. Choose Success with PAC - Join Professional Academy of Commerce Now! For more Information Call @ 03335022198 / 03315312992 / 03099345818 / (051) 5402808 or Visit us @ Main Kashmir highway Near G-14/1 Islamabad Stay connected with us! ► Subscribe to PAC: @PAC - Islamabad & Rawalpindi ► Follow us on Instagram: https://bit.ly/2CrMGlf ► Visit our website: https://bit.ly/2DUmNv3 ►Find us on Twitter: https://bit.ly/30T70W5 ► Follow us on Linkedin: https://bit.ly/3fTDl3g Fill the form below to get a call back: https://bit.ly/3fTDl3g #CA #PAC #ICAPPakistan #AFC #accountinginpakistan #ALEVELS #accountancypakistan #Gamechanger #LanguageOfSuccess #AdmissionsOpen #ICAP #summerAttempt #AdmissionOpen2020 #RegisterNow #Goals2020 #Pakistan #Islamabad #accounting #finance #taxation
𝐏𝐀𝐂 𝐨𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐚 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐬𝐮𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬. Join PAC and study online with the option to shift to physical classes. Hostel & Transport Facility also available for students. Choose Success with PAC - Join Professional Academy of Commerce Now! #CA #PAC #ICAPPakistan #AFC #accountinginpakistan #ALEVELS #accountancypakistan #Gamechanger #LanguageOfSuccess #AdmissionsOpen #ICAP #summerAttempt #AdmissionOpen2020 #RegisterNow #Goals2020 #Pakistan #Islamabad #accounting #finance #taxation
𝐏𝐀𝐂 𝐨𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐚 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐬𝐮𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬. Join PAC and study online with the option to shift to physical classes. Admissions are Now Open for CA-AFC Hostel & Transport Facility also available for students. Choose Success with PAC - Join Professional Academy of Commerce Now! #CA #PAC #ICAPPakistan #AFC #accountinginpakistan #ALEVELS #accountancypakistan #Gamechanger #LanguageOfSuccess #AdmissionsOpen #ICAP #summerAttempt #AdmissionOpen2020 #RegisterNow #Goals2020 #Pakistan #Islamabad #accounting #finance #taxation
Learn Nazra *Quran with tajweed,  🌹Hifz ul Quran Only in 2 Years  🌹Memorize Quranic and Masnoon Duas and 100 Ahadiths  🌹Basic Arabic Grammer  🌹5 days Free classes
𝐏𝐀𝐂 𝐨𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐚 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐬𝐮𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬. Join PAC and study online with the option to shift to physical classes. Admissions are Now Open for CA-AFC Hostel & Transport Facility also available for students. Choose Success with PAC - Join Professional Academy of Commerce Now! #CA #PAC #ICAPPakistan #AFC #accountinginpakistan #ALEVELS #accountancypakistan #Gamechanger #LanguageOfSuccess #AdmissionsOpen #ICAP #summerAttempt #AdmissionOpen2020 #RegisterNow #Goals2020 #Pakistan #Islamabad #accounting #finance #taxation

 Check the link below to join Telegram group:
I am Ààrẹ Tèmítáyọ̀ Ọláníyan, Team Lead, Radiance Research Resources. We offer dissertation, seminar, and assignments writing services. We also provide premium ...services, including QUILLBOT, GRAMMERLY, TURNITIN, REF-n-WRITE, and PROWRITINGAID. Please, whatsapp/Call:+2348066206090 for more information.



Are there any students from karachi who are looking for taking admissions in universities? This covid has led alot of people in financial crisis, just for the sake of humanity I want to help karachi people related to university informations

 Punjab Boards have announced their tentative dates for matric and Inter result 2020. The... Final decision was decided in the meeting of chairpersones of All boards of punjab held on 1st September in Bise Lhr Office. #MatricResult2020 will be declare on 14th September at 10:00AM. #interresults2020 will be declare on 17th September at 5:00 PM. #specialexam2020 will be conduct on 3rd to 15th October 2020. #matricresult2020 #interresult2020
𝐏𝐀𝐂 𝐨𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐚 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐬𝐮𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬. Join PAC and study online with the option to shift to physical classes. Admissions are Now Open for CA-AFC Hostel & Transport Facility also available for students. Choose Success with PAC - Join Professional Academy of Commerce Now! #CA #PAC #ICAPPakistan #AFC #accountinginpakistan #ALEVELS #accountancypakistan #Gamechanger #LanguageOfSuccess #AdmissionsOpen #ICAP #summerAttempt #AdmissionOpen2020 #RegisterNow #Goals2020 #Pakistan #Islamabad #accounting #finance #taxation
MSC in Nursing k Admissions ki requirements kisi ko pta h??or kon sa institutions ya degree offer kr rhi hain?
Admissions for Fall 2020 Open: BSCS, BSSE, BSIT, MCS, MIT, ADPCS, BBA, BSCom, ADP BA, ADPCom, MCom, BSEdu, BEd1.5, BEd2.5, MAEdu, ADPEdu, BSUrdu, MAUrdu, ADPUrd...u, BSIS, MAIS, ADPIS, BSc Civil Engineering Technology For more details please contact at 051-2234000, 0304-2234000, 0333-1535345 Or apply online at admission.aiu.edu.pk





𝐏𝐀𝐂 𝐨𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐚 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐬𝐮𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬. Join PAC and study online with the option to shift to physical classes. Admissions are Now Open for CA-AFC Hostel & Transport Facility also available for students. Choose Success with PAC - Join Professional Academy of Commerce Now! #CA #PAC #ICAPPakistan #AFC #accountinginpakistan #ALEVELS #accountancypakistan #Gamechanger #LanguageOfSuccess #AdmissionsOpen #ICAP #summerAttempt #AdmissionOpen2020 #RegisterNow #Goals2020 #Pakistan #Islamabad #accounting #finance #taxation

Due date of form submission against General reserved seats.


 #RadianceResearchResources #PhDlife #phdstudent #phdjourney #PhDone #PhDScholarships #phdadvice #phdcandidate #phdjobs #PhDloading #phdlifestyle #phdproblems #PhDposition #phdScholar #phdstudentlife #phdstruggles #phdviva


 Hey!  1) I wanted a suggestion should i do BS in accounting and finance and then go for CA or directly CA?  2) is CA worth doing for coming years?

Bahria university karachi campus ki BS media studies keasi h?



How to write the result section of your paper? Here's an annotated example I adapted from MIT Communication Lab. Hope it's useful for you!  #researchlife #resea...rcher #phdstudent #phdjourney #phdlife #postgradlife #PostGraduateStudies #masterclass #studentlifematters Please Like and share: Radiance Research Resources

A *FREE AMAZON AWS CLOUD WORKSHOP* on FACEBOOK | Certificates will be awarded to each participant. Kindly fill the registration form for certificates. ---------...------------ Topic: *AMAZON AWS CLOUD WORKSHOP* --------------------- Free registration Link: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSc7clWCS67VxWPkX6…/viewform --------------------- Catch us live on https://www.facebook.com/Vertixitsol Date: 23rd August, 2020 Time: 04:00PM PKT
Many students have asked about fields for Pre-medical/worth of MBBS, avg salaries of different professional. Here is the video in which I have described some fields of Pre-medical you can join after Fsc.  (This video is based on local survey) Must watch & share it to your friends as well. In upcoming videos i will describe 20 others field as well ... Thank you so much #Medicology


Admission Fall 2020 undergraduate programs in Gcuf fsd .. From 10-8-2020 to 24-8-2020.. Online apply..
It's your time to learn how to infuse IT with your field and prepare yourself for the future.



 #AB_ADS
if any one want to join worldwide scholarship group. Inbox me your contact or comment your contact number. Thanks.


Admission open


 #SCHOLARSHIP_TEST for Admission in Ist year F.A / F.Sc (Pre-Medical Pre-engineering, Comp-Science) 70% marks & Above in test > 100% Scholarship 65% to 69% marks in test   >    70% Scholarship 60% to 64% marks in test  >     30%Scholarship #Score_high_marks_in_test_Get_Attractive #Scholarship_Secure_your_future_with_Results_Oriented_Teachers and #Mentors. Come & join us if you are enthusiastic for your bright future. #Seperate_Hostel_for_boys_and_Girls/ #Quality_Food



 Which University is best for BSCS w.r.t Skills and quality education ??
 #The_Peshawar_Science_school/#college #Abbottabad. #ADMISSION_2020_2021 #TALENT_HUNT_SCHOLARSHIP_TEST... for Admission in Ist year (Pre-Medical Pre-engineering, Comp-Science) #Score_high_marks_in_test_Get_Attractive #Scholarship_Secure_your_future_with_Results_Oriented_Teachers and #Mentors. Come & join us if you are enthusiastic for your bright future. #Hostel_facility/ #Quality_Food
Admissions open
DREAM Tutor Admissions Guidelines! Admission Open in University Tag Your friend and Family members! ADMISSIONS DEADLINE ALERT! Undergraduate Admissions  2020  d...eadlines have been announced. Hurry up, time is short ahead! Complete your online registration process now!  Admissions open from: August 5, 2020 *Last date to apply: August 28, 2020* Step wise procedure for filling and submission of ONLINE APPLICATION FORM for undergraduate admissions 2020: ■ Application will be titled Online at University Website http://www.uvas.edu.pk/Admissions/undergraduate/index.htm (link will be available from August 5, 2020) ■ Candidate will pay an amount of Rs. 800-/ as Admission Processing Fee (only for one program). Candidates applying in more than one program will pay Rs. 300/- for each additional program. If the application is to be submitted against any quota, then the candidate must pay additional fee of Rs.300/ ■ Candidates can deposit the application fee through Online generated Bank Challan in any branch of Bank Alflah in Pakistan.  ■ Candidates are directed to upload paid challan form at specified place in online admission form. ■ Only successful Candidates who get admission will have to submit Printed/Hard Copy of the Admission Form along with Original Paid Bank Challan as well as other supporting documents to the office of “Convener Admission Committee, University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Lahore. At the time of admission. ■ Eligibility criteria: 1. Candidates securing at least 60% marks (excluding Hafiz-e-Quran) in F. Sc 1st year (Pre-Medical) or any other equivalent examination from a recognized Board/University can apply for admission.  2. Candidates possessing F. Sc (Pre-Eng.) can also apply for BS (Hons.) Environmental Sciences and BS (Hons.) Dairy Technology,  3. The final merit will be based on marks obtained in F.Sc 1st year (70%weightage) and Matric (30 % only).  4. Age Limit: Candidate must not be over 23 years of age on the last date of submission of application i.e 28-08-2020.  5. Limited numbers of seats are available at hostel.  ■ Disciplines Offered: 1. Doctor of Veterinary Medicine (DVM) 2. Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm-D) 3. B.S. (Hons.) Nutrition & Dietetics 4. B.S. (Hons.) Applied Microbiology 5. B.S. (Hons.) Biotechnology 6. B.S. (Hons.) Biochemistry 7. B.S. (Hons.) Environmental Sciences 8. B.S. (Hons.) Poultry Science 9. B.S. (Hons.) Dairy Technology 10. B.S. (Hons.) Zoology 11. B.S. (Hons.) Biological Sciences 12. B.Sc. (Hons) Fisheries and Aquaculture 13. B.S. (Hons) Food Science and Technology 14. B.S. (Hons) Medical Laboratory Technology  Tag your friends whom you want to remind of these deadlines. JAZAKALLAH KHAIRA💜♥️ #undergraduate admission . #admission #education #admissionopen #school #admissionsnotice #studyabroad #Admisson #students #study #preschool #university #college #open #admissionsopen #career #engineering #motivation #pat #visa #student #kids #nursery #fun #abroad #bikaner  In case of any query you may ask.  For more Details: Regards DREAM Tutors. *Dream tutor twitter*  https://twitter.com/dreamtutor929  *Dream tutor Instagram* https://www.instagram.com/dreamtutor929/  *Dream tutor Linked in*  https://www.linkedin.com/in/dream-tutor-09084b1a6  *Dream tutor WhatsApp*  https://wa.me/923144265929  *Dream tutor Facebook* https://www.facebook.com/dreamtutor929/  *Learn with Dream tutor YouTube* https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoZpOyI2E4aPo4VM9iGq91A  *Dream tutor Website* https://dreamtutor929.wixsite.com/website FOLLOW Us For more updates and latest Announcement save our whatsap number for daily updates. If you willing to add on our daily  boroadcast list then just text us your Good name and BROADCAST within to add yourself to Daily boroadcast list.
HIMS (HUIC) Admission Fall 2020
Join our programs for a prosperous future in the domains of Space Science and Technology. Details: https://ist.edu.pk/admission-undergraduate-info



Directorate of Education Colleges, Gilgit-Baltistan Applications for FA/Fsc, DAE, B. Tech, BS, Msc, LLB, DVM, Pharm D etc are invited for Nomination against reserved seats of Gilgit-Baltistan.  For more information plz read the notice thoroughly or visit Directorate of Education Colleges, Nominate Section.

ADMISSION OPEN  For further information call us: 042-35968801-10 (EXT: 3558) or  0332 4371761 For online application: https://admissions.umt.edu.pk/prog/BSCRP.aspx For program details: https://admissions.umt.edu.pk/prog/BSCRP.aspx


***Admissions Open Fall 2020*** Fall 2020 Admissions are open in Peshawar and D.I. Khan. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply online. Qurtuba Universit...y’s Online Admission Portal (https://qurtuba.edu.pk/online_admissions)is operational in order to facilitate candidates. Follow the guidelines given on the admission portal to complete the admissions application process.
Admissions for Fall 2020 Open: BSCS, BSSE, BSIT, MCS, MIT, ADPCS, BBA, BSCom, ADP BA, ADPCom, MCom, BSEdu, BEd1.5, BEd2.5, MAEdu, ADPEdu, BSUrdu, MAUrdu, ADPUrd...u, BSIS, MAIS, ADPIS, BSc Civil Engineering Technology For more details please contact at 051-2234000, 0304-2234000, 0333-1535345 Or apply online at admissions.aiu.edu.pk


ISP MULTAN. Govt Chartered & HEC Rcognized Institute. ADMISSIONS FALL 2020 Accredited by PEC & NCEAC. NOC by PCATP & NTC.... Merit Based Limited Seats. For Info. (061) 4746001-5. 03008632786, 03006304406. www.isp.edu.pk

 Register @ http://etc.hec.gov.pk

Admission Notice, BS Degree Programs 2020-21. For Prospectus, visit: http://www.uokajk.edu.pk/home/download/125 For Online Admissions, visit:... https://admissions.uokajk.edu.pk






Admission open. Link for YouTube channel of hims is... https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVek4A0c5Pd6gsauSm28_0Q Plz subscribe this channel..and share with other your friends fellows and relatives too #himsisbofficial #himsadmissions #Hamdard #HamdardUniversity #BBA #MBA #MBA2020 #BBA2020 #MS #research #ManagementSciences #business #studentlife #future #islamabad #university




National Textile University, Faisalabad has opened its Admissions-2020. Be the part of Pakistan's premier Institute and secure your career.  Apply Now: https://admissions.ntu.edu.pk/ 


Signup for most popular Free Online Course  Google Analytics for Beginners  Learn the basic features of Google Analytics including how to create an account, implement tracking code, analyze basic reports, and set up goals and campaign tracking.

 Candidates may register themselves by visiting Pakistan Army website www.joinpakarmy.gov.pk
Check and share it..... College students be ready......
Webtainers offering the best Web Development Services in Lahore. Contact us to Hire an Experienced Web Developer. Webtainers is the best Web Development Company... in Pakistan. Our Services: 1. WordPress Development 2. Website Designing 3. Joomla Development  4. Static Website Design 5. E-Commerce Solutions 6. Flash Website Design 7. Open Source Solutions 8. Website Redesign 9. CMS Based Website 10. E-Commerce Website Design  11. PHP Development  12. Mobile Website Design 13. ASP.net 14. W3c Standards 15. AJAX Development
Introduction to Algorithms by MIT This FREE Online Course provides an introduction to mathematical modeling of computational problems. It covers the common algorithms, algorithmic paradigms, and data structures used to solve these problems
Introduction to Algorithms by MIT This course provides an introduction to mathematical modeling of computational problems. It covers the common algorithms, algorithmic paradigms, and data structures used to solve these problems

Admissions open  DPT MLT MPH 03120495391
Ziauddin University’s Faculty of Engineering, Science, Technology, and Management is lauded across the country for producing some of the finest leaders in the f...ield. If you too wish to achieve excellence in your career, apply now! For admissions, please visit: https://admission.zu.edu.pk/ To learn more about the faculty, click here: https://zufestm.zu.edu.pk/


Webtainers offering the best Web Development Services in Lahore. Contact us to Hire an Experienced Web Developer. Webtainers is the best Web Development Company... in Pakistan. Our Services: 1. WordPress Development 2. Website Designing 3. Joomla Development  4. Static Website Design 5. E-Commerce Solutions 6. Flash Website Design 7. Open Source Solutions 8. Website Redesign 9. CMS Based Website 10. E-Commerce Website Design  11. PHP Development  12. Mobile Website Design 13. ASP.net 14. W3c Standards 15. AJAX Development
#AdmissionsOpen2020. #BSNursing Thar Institute of Nursing & Allied Health Sciences Umerkot offers admission in Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN Generic) 04 Y...ears Degree Programme. #TINAHS
ADMISSIONS OPEN: Isra University, Hyderabad Campus Announces Admissions in Computer & Management Sciences (Undergraduate & Postgraduate programs) APPLY ONLINE: https://admissions.isra.edu.pk/
Admissions open 2020 !!!
 For details, kindly visit: https://www.pim.com.pk/…/diploma-in-certified-career-consu…/
 Do you want to check the plagiarism level of your thesis/dissertation at a low-fee? You can message me now.  I also provide personal Turnitin,... Quillbot, and Grammarly premium accounts that are important to facilitate research work. It is available for researchers, graduate students, or undergraduates. The offer is at a fire-sale price at the moment, and I will encourage many to seize this opportunity. Please, message me privately for more information.  Are you facing problems in academic research/thesis writing, grammatical and plagiarism checks, proofreading, formatting, editing, etc.? *Radiance Research Resources* can help you and save you precious time (at a very LOW and affordable fee). Do you need to be trained in academic writing ✍❓ Get in touch with me @AareOlaTemitayo or *+2348066206090*
Quaid-e-azam University ( QAU), Islamabad announced admission 2020 for Undergraduate Programs Applications are invited for follwoing BACHELOR degree Programs. BBA - Business Administration BS - Computer Science... BS - Archaeology BS - Sociology BS - Statistics BS - Bioinformatics BS - Chemistry BS - History BS - Defense & Strategic Studies BS - Mathematics BS - Biotechnology BS - Zoology BS - Anthropology BS - Electronics BS - International Relations BS - Microbiology BS - Psychology BS - Physics BS - Political Science BS - Economics BS - Environmental Sciences BS - Geophysics BS - Pakistan Studies BS - Information Technology BS - Biochemistry BS - Botany LLB - Law To Apply online kindly visit : http://www.qau.edu.pk Last date to apply for Quaid-e-azam University QAU Islamabad admission is20 July, 2020. Copied... https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZHmV2MsJfkk28d3iUBZfeg
Go live Webinar Online on Plant and Soil Science which has been scheduled on October 14, 2020. Confirm your participation by submitting abstracts for delivering your presentation and interact with the global experts. No travel required. Stay home and share your knowledge For abstract submission, click here: [https://plantscience-biology.agriconferences.com/abstract-s…](https://plantscience-biology.agriconferences.com/abstract-s…) Hurry Up! Submit soon... Contact us: [https://...plantbiologycongress.wordpress.com/](https://plantbiologycongress.wordpress.com/…) Email: plantscience@theexpertsmeet.com [#plantbiologywebinar](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/plantbiologywebinar…) [#plantscienceonlineevent](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/plantscienceonlineevent…) [#soilsciencewebinar](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/soilsciencewebinar…) [#planttissueculture](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/planttissueculture…) [#plantmorphology](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/plantmorphology…) [#antimicrobes](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/antimicrobes…) [#soilfertility](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/soilfertility…) [#cropimprovement](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/cropimprovement…)
Punjab university BA/BSc and MA/msc 2020-2021 admission schedule (for private)
گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے K327B لکھ اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS
BS Agriculture Sciences Admissions are open for the session fall-2020,@ KFUEIT , RAHIM YAR KHAN.
گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے K327B لکھ اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS


University Of Baltistan Admissions Open for BS Programs Fall Semester 2020. For more information follow the link  https://uobs.edu.pk/i…/admissions/admission-bs-semester-2020
Aga Khan undergraduate Scholarship programme

🔷 MDCAT 2020 - 21 🔷 🔹MBBS & BDS Admissions🔹



 Do you want to check the plagiarism level of your thesis/dissertation at a low-fee? You can message me now.  I also provide personal Turnitin, Quillbot, and Grammarly premium accounts that are important to facilitate research work. It is available for researchers, graduate students, or undergraduates. The offer is at a fire-sale price at the moment, and I will encourage many to seize this opportunity. Please, message me privately for more information.  Are you facing problems in academic research/thesis writing, grammatical and plagiarism checks, proofreading, formatting, editing, etc.? *Radiance Research Resources* can help you and save you precious time (at a very LOW and affordable fee). Do you need to be trained in academic writing ✍❓ Get in touch with me @AareOlaTemitayo or *+2348066206090*
Admissions Open Fall 2020. Please click below or visit https://cms.bahria.edu.pk/Logins/Candidate/Login.aspx to apply.
Rawal Online Academy, Offers online Preparations for Intermediate and Matriculation. Join Us  Call Now 03008505464

Gilgit-Baltistan & Galyat Scholarships | Limited number of full-fee and half-fee scholarships Eligibility: Residents of Gilgit-Baltistan, Murree and Galyat

Bs it in uetLhr or taxila ma admissionk ley ecat mandatory ha yanae

Webtainers is offering an Advanced SEO Course in Lahore at an affordable price.  General Course Contents Introduction to Search Engine Optimization Career and J...ob Opportunities Difference Between Marketing and Selling Search Engine Marketing Strategy Examples Anatomy of a Web Crawler / Spider Search Engine Indexing Keywords Embedding Keywords on Website On Page Ranking Factors Off Page Techniques Importance of Keyword Research Competitor Analysis Framework Content Writing Strategies Related HTML Tags Optimizing HTML Tags and Validation Content Analysis and Verification Creating robots.txt file Sitemap Generation Monitoring Search Engine Ranking Traffic Analyzing Tools On Page and Off Page Strategies Link Building Platforms Link Building Steps Types of Linking and their Strategies Article Submission Press Release Submission Blog Commenting Forum Posting Directory Submission Social Bookmarking Link Submission Tools Common Searching Techniques
IBM- Uet Lahore has started its admission procedures for 2020.  Interested applicants are advised to apply in it. 
گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے K327B لکھ اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS
Hi guys. I want a sense of direction of what to do now. Due to dengue I couldnt pass the papers of intermediate 11 well, i achieved 48 percentage .As board exams 2020 are cancelled  my avg percentage is 49.5% and i want to do software engineering BSCS. I tried in 2 ,3 universities and they are all rejecting me so what should i do now that's better for me and my future?? I am depressed and in need of suggestions.



Hello! Scientest please make a big bomb to distroy our cronic countries.
یونیورسٹی آف پونچھ کی فیس گردی عروج پر یونیورسٹی پچھلے 5 سالوں سے سٹوڈنٹ کو ایک ایسا چونا لگا رہی ہے جس کا سن کہ بندہ توبہ استغفار کرے کہ کیسے پڑھے لکھے لوگ غری...ب سٹوڈنٹس کو لوٹ رہیں ہیں. پونچھ یونیورسٹی انٹرنیٹ فنڈ، لائبریری فنڈ، میگزین فنڈ، مرمتی فنڈ، ڈویلپمنٹ فنڈ، ٹور/ تفریح فنڈ اور بس فنڈ وغیرہ ملا کر کر 10 ہزار روپے بے جا وصول کر رہی ہے اللہ گواہ ہے ان میں سے سوائے کچھ طالبات کے جنھیں بس سروس کا موقع ملتا ہے باقی سٹوڈنٹس کو یونیورسٹی سرے عام چونا لگا رہی ہے. ظلم اور نا انصافی کی انتہا یہ ہے کہ پونچھ یونورسٹیSemester  DMC کے نام پر ہر بچے سے 500 روپے وصول کرتی ہے اور انہیں Legal سائز پیپر پر 5 روپے کا پرنٹ 4-5 دن منت سماجت کرنے پر نکال کر دیتے ہیں. ظلم پر ظلم یہ ہے کہ لاک ڈوان میں جہاں ہر طبقہ غربت کے دہانے پر ہے پونچھ یونیورسٹی نے ان تمام نا جائز فنڈز  کے ساتھ سٹوڈنٹس کو (MSc Bs)  کو چلان جاری کیے ہیں اور ڈرا دھمکا کر غریب سٹوڈنٹس سے فیس وصولی میں لگی ہے. یونیورسٹی انتظامیہ کے لیے شرم کا مقام ہے ...شیم... اگر یونیورسٹی نے فیسز کا ڈرامہ بند نہ کیا تو سٹوڈنٹس پہلے پچھلے 5 سالوں سے ناجائز فنڈز کا حساب لیں گے. سٹوڈنٹس لینا جانتے ہیں یہ بات ذہن نشین ہونی چاہیے یونیورسٹی کو. گریڈ 18 تا 22 کے فرشتوں سے ان ناجائز فنڈز کا حساب روز آخرت ان کے گریبان پکڑ کر بھی لیا جائے گا. شکریہ سٹوڈنٹس.
گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے N250L لکھ اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0314-3447317  #AB_ADS

Quick question i have 800 marks ib fsc 1.DPT Or 2.BS media and filmaking
*****HEC PUNJAB DECLARES 21 SUB CAMPUSES OF PRIVATE UNIVERSITIES ILLEGAL***** Higher Education Commission, Government of the Punjab has declared 21 sub campuses... of private universities in the province illegal. Punjab HEC has advised the parents and students not to seek admission in these sub-campuses. University of Central Punjab UCP's eight sub-campuses have declared illegal including sub-campuses at Bahawalpur, Faisalabad, Gujranwala and other cities. 4 sub-campuses of National College of Business Administration and Economics, Lahore declared illegal including its sub campuses at Bahawalpur, Gujrat, Rahim Yar Khan, and Sialkot. Other universities whose sub-campuses are declared illegal are Superior College Lahore, University of Lahore, Qarshi University, and Hajvery University.

National University of Science and Technology NUST has announced the tentative dates for NET-2 and 3 series. The university has announced that NUST Entry Test (...NET) series-2 shall be conducted in August and NET-3 shall be conducted in September this year. However, this is subject to the improvement in the COVID-19 situation. The exact dates of the test shall be announced by the university by the end of July 2020. NET-2 registration has already completed, but the test could not be conducted due to the closure of the university. NET-3 registration shall from July 01, 2020. SAT registration shall also start from July 01, 2020. NUST conducts computerized entry tests in its campus and paper-based tests in Karachi and Quetta. As the weightage of the entry test in the NUST merit formula is very high, hence NUST authorities would do their best to conduct the entry test even if they have to delay the admissions. Although a number of universities had already canceled their entry test due to pandemic situations.

Lahore School Of Economics Lahore has announced admission for session 2020. Applications are invited for follwoing BACHELOR degree Programs. B.Sc. [Hons] - Econ...omics BBA (H) - Business Administration BS (HONS) - Media Studies BS (HONS) - English BS (HONS) - Social Sciences BS (HONS) - English Language & Communication BS (HONS) - Political Science Last date to apply for LSE Lahore admission is 30 June, 2020

گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے S287P لکھ اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS

I am a senior data analyst, who have a strong background in statistical theory along with vast experience in data analytics. You may contact with me for research data analysis and dynamic visualization to make evidence-based decisions. I have been analyzing data of research students and doctors belonging to a variety of disciplines since 2007. Feel free to contact or to refer me. Like our facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/Thesis-Dissertation-Research-Artic…
 I provide personal Turnitin and Grammerly premium accounts that are important to facilitate a research work. It is available for researchers, graduate students or undergraduates. The offer is at a fire-sales price at the moment and I will encourage many to seize this opportunity. Please, message me privately for more information.  Are you facing problems in academic research/thesis writing, grammatical and plagiarism checks, proofreading, formatting, editing... etc? *Radiance Research Resources* can help you and save you precious time (at very LOW and affordable fee) Do you need to be trained on academic writing ✍❓ Get in touch with me @AareOlaTemitayo or *+2348066206090*


ECAT is a gateway to public universities in Pakistan. Mathematics is a major part of this test.  So keeping that in mind, we will be posting daily videos for pr...eparation of Ecat to help you with the help of renowned Maths teacher Muhammad Sarwar. This will be in parts in which we will covers each chapter's exercises and short tricks which have very much importance in test. 
GCU- GAT Revised Schedule Welcome to Study in Pakistan. This group has been created to provide update information & guidance regarding admissions opening, entry test dates, deadlines and other news and events from Universities and Colleges throughout Pakistan.
Welcome to Study in Pakistan. This group has been created to provide update information & guidance regarding admissions opening, entry test dates, deadlines and other news and events from Universities and Colleges throughout Pakistan.
Interested applicants are informed that Institute Of Business Administration [khi], Karachi admissions are open and you can submit the application at the earliest time For more information visit https://onlineadmission.iba.edu.pk/


Complete Online Solution for Your all CSS/PMS worries..  Now its high time that you resume your preparations for upcoming PMS & CSS special/ annual exmas. You can have a free consultative session with me on Zoom to discuss future strategy and study plan via online classes in this week so that things can be streamlined from coming week. CSS GURU Pakistan
Pakistan Institute Of Engineering & Applied Sciences Islamabad has announced admission for session 2020. Applications are invited for BS & MS degree Programs. F...or more information you can go to  http://admissions.pieas.edu.pk/
Semester fee is 43000 out of which only 13000 is tution fee. The rest is a combination of transport fee, sports fee, Internet fee hostel fee water fee electrici...ty fee etc etc. As we are being taught online so only tution fee should be charged and the left should be waved off... Or else promote us .. stop the drama of online classes..  you've no interest in students learning, your only intrest is collecting fee.. #Shame_on_HEC #Shame_on_gov_poor_policies #No_fee_in_pandemic  #We_are_united #WeWantReliefOnSemesterFee #StudentProtest  Electricity humari, Laptop Humara, Data Package Humara, So why should we pay full fee? Lockdown men sb se zyada Nuqsan University Students ka hua hai. University Students k sath Injustice Na Manzoor.
Admissions Schedule 2020 for BBA, BS, MBA, MS & PhD at FAST NUCES Lahore has been Announced.  Please note that the admission schedule may change due to COVID-19 situation in the country. #FASTNULahore #FASTNU #Admissions2020 #BBA #BS #MBA #MS #PhD
گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے S287P لکھ کر اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS

Interested applicants are informed that Agha Khan University, Karachi admissions are open and you can submit the application at the earliest time. Last date to ...apply is 17 June,2020 For more information visit https://www.aku.edu/admissions/Pages/home.aspx

گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے S287P لکھ کر اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS
گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے S287P لکھ کر اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS


گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے S287P لکھ اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS
Does anyone know that entry test would held this year or not?most of the universities have announced entry tests but does anyone know they will take.like uet again has cancelled entry tests?
Information Technology University Lahore has announced admission for session 2020. Applications are invited for  MS, BACHELOR, DOCTORATE degree Programs. . . . .... Deadline to apply is Friday 24 July . . . . Follow us for more . . Regards : Team Edu-Catalyst
Is admission possible in govt uni with 397 marks for Bs optometry? Plz  guide
University of Engineering and Technology UET Lahore has postponed its combined entry test for admissions to engineering universities in Punjab. ECAT 2020 is pos...tponed on the orders of the Government of the Punjab. UET Entry test was scheduled to be held on June 13 and 14. Also, the mock tests scheduled on June 06 and 07 are postponed. A notification on UET Admission portal reads as, Due to COVID19 pandemic and on the order of the Punjab government, the Entrance Test scheduled on 13 – 14 June 2020 has been postponed until further orders. Similarly, the mock test scheduled on 6 – 7 June 2020 has also been postponed until further orders Now it is expected that UET entry test may be cancelled and admission might be granted on the basis of first year results only. In case the university is unable to conduct the Entrance Test before the commencement of the admission cycle, it will initiate the admission cycle as per schedule. However, admission decisions will be with-held until the outcome of the Entrance Test.
All Pakistan projects kya hai ye ek investment platform hai jo 100% reall  AUR secure hai jo 100% gurented platform hai jinka owner janab Adam Chaudhry hai jinka asal taliq Kashmir Se tha phir rheta London me tha ab Pakistan Islamabad me shift ho chuka hai company physical AUR online bussnise karti inshala company ki abi starting hai 3 project mazeed 5 project arye hai company apny mazeed setups bara hai gi as waqat hand office Islamabad me hai jinko jab chye visit karo jab c...hye bussnise ko visit karo company ke bussnise secp Se approved hai company ki link bank Se hai company ka 24 month ka contact hota total apko 400% deti jo monthly fix profit ni hota kam zayada ho sakta but 24 month me 400% profit deti usky bad ap asal raqam wapes le SAKTY deposit bank ke thuro kar SAKTY profit monthly share hota min invest 100$ investment hai mix kitny bi karo usky alwa property car house kuch bi buy kar SAKTY jinka 50% pay phly karns hoga online me trading karti to abi starting hai age sekhty raho ye jitni bari hoti ye time hai apni team ka leader ban ne ka  Aur dosri bat Har CHEEZ ko phly samjna parta phir karna hota aur haram ka ek rupiya bi apka company ko nahi chye halal ke ho  Agar ap physical GERRNTY lena chaty to us kelye min invest 16 lakh honi chye apko security di jhye gi 
in case if you have not bought token,  you can buy it today. as the sale of token is open today.  So Hurry Up & buy yours before time runs out. . . .... . . . Like share & comment. . . . . Regards : Team Edu-Catalyst

گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے K327B لکھ اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS
If you have registered for ECAT online then you have to print our admit card. You can print your Admit card till Tomorrow and don't forget to do it.  Share it w...ith your friends so they can do it too. . . . . . Like share & Comment . . . Follow us for more updates and you can ask us your queries too. . . . Regards : Team Edu-Catalyst

Online classess lyny Astore k students pahadun ki chotiun py nikl ayain hain...fr b google classroom open e ni hota.......🤮🤮
#Copyed....  اک بات سمجھ نہیں آ رہی ہم پاگل ہیں یا ہمارے حکمران پاگل ہیں ۔ہم پاگل ہیں یا یہ سکریٹری یا یہ ہمارے وزراء تعلیم جن کو شاید ہماری کلاسسز کےاور ڈیپارٹمنٹس کے نام بھی نہیں آتے ان کو اردو کا لفظ نہیں آتا وہ ہم پر حکمرانی کر رہے ہیں اور پالیسز بنا رہے ہیں جن کی سمجھ نہیں آتی کیا وہ آکر ہمیں آن لائن پریکٹیکل کروا سکتے ہیں آن لائن ایگری کلچر پڑھا سکتے ہیں یا آن لائن پودے  اگا کہ دے سکتے ہیں آن لائن میتھ پڑھا سکتے جہاں پر بات کرنے کے لیے موبائل کو ایک درخت پر بندھا جاتا ہ...ے یا پھر گھر کےدروازے کھولے جاتے ہیں کہ بات ہو سکے۔ پورے ملک مین بازار کھول دیے ہیں ٹریفک بھی کھول دی کہ اب حالات ٹھیک ہیں وہاں اگر کورونا نہیں پھیل سکتا تو سکول کالج یا یونیورسٹیوں میں کیسے پھیلے گا یہاں تو گنتی کی ہوئی تعداد آتی ہے بازار میں تو گنتی بھی نہیں ہوتی۔یہ تو پھر پڑھے لکھے لوگ ہوتے ہیں ۔ میری سب سے گزارش ہے سب ایک بار سوچ کر دیکھیں کہ کیا آن لائن کلاسز ہمارے لیے فائدہ مند ہیں یا اک کلاس روم میں اک ادارہ کے اندر لی ہوئی کلاسز فائدہ مند ہیں ہمیں بھی آواز بلند کرنا ہو گی کہ کالج اور یونیورسٹیوں کو کھولو۔... Say no online classes

Admissions are open in AIR University for fall 2020. Last date to apply is 15th of July.  . . If you need any other information regarding this you can ask us. .... . Regards: Team Edu-Catalyst.

National Command and Operation Center NCOC has recommended to close the educational institutions till August due to the worsening situation of COVID-19. It is e...xpected that the pandemic will hit the peak on July 15, hence it will be really dangerous to open the schools, colleges, and universities. . . . . LIke Share & comment  . . . Follow Edu-Catalyst Follow Edu-Catalyst . . . Regards : Team Edu-Catalyst
FREE Pre 1st Year Online Classes To access Live Lectures, Videos and Interactive Sessions please join our Facebook Group: https://bit.ly/3fGQ5eG Intermediate Ad...missions Open
 Click Here to Apply: https://admissions.portal-usa-edu.com/ Phn:042-35230722 Email:admissions.rwd@usa.edu.pk
HOW TO PREPARE NUMS ENTRY TEST 2020 (MBBS|BDS)? #AMC Must Read...  🔰#NUMS_MDCAT_BOOK_2020🔰 ✔If you want to be NUMS/AMC DOCTOR & appearing in NUMS/AMC(MBBS/BDS) ...Test 2020.  ✔️If you're worried about NUMS TEST Preparations,want to secure your AMC seat guaranteed.  ✔️If you want to save thousands Rs / time over useless academies/fsc Book's for NUMS.Then Start STUDY From Today & #AVAIL AMC #NUMS_MDCAT_BOOK_2020 only for NUMS TEST 2020 PREPARATIONS. (VIMP) {#NOTE. NUMS ENTRY TEST 2020 will be totally  #NUMS_MDCAT_BOOK_2020 Based all MCQ, IA. Don't Waste Time in Academies/Fsc BOOK's{not helpful for NUMS PREPARATION}.  ✅ ️#TO_ORDER_BOOK : -  SEND MESSAGE AT #PAGE OR CONTACT >> { ☎️ 0305 - 4139063 } <<  Call / Sms / WhatsApp  #NUMS_Preparation_Team ,AMC.
 As the threat of Coronavirus looms over the academic future of the students, Indus University has taken a major step to facilitate i...t's prospective students in these challenging times. IU has decided to offer provisional admissions to its forthcoming students. We have added flexibility to our admission process to cater to the needs of prospective candidates. Therefore, all prospective candidates are encouraged to apply online for admission to start their educational journey with Indus University. Follow the mentioned easy step for admissions: 𝗘𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹: admission@indus.edu.pk

گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے K327B لکھ اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 0310-6400641 #AB_ADS
UHS vice-chancellor Prof Javed Akram said that Medical and Dental Colleges Admission Test MDCAT might be conducted online if the coronavirus situation does not ...get any better. He said that MDCAT 2020 might be conducted at the end of September. MDCAT has an important role in medical admissions. UHS VC also said that we cannot cancel MDCAT as FSc exams are already cancelled. He also said that the procedure of the entry test might be changed and we can conduct it through online technology. But the final decision in this regard is not made yet. However, the weightage of the entry test might be increased due to the cancellation of 2nd year exams. Prof Javed Akram also said that all medical universities in the province are in favor of conducting MDCAT. We will present our suggestions to the Government and will also request the Governor to call a meeting of all the stakeholders in this regard. . . . . . Regards : Team Edu-Catalyst
Which uni will be best for software engg.?

برائے مہربانی توجہ دیں ........ ایف ایس سی کے طلبا کے لئے۔  مختلف فیلڈز میں مختلف یونیورسٹیوں میں درخواست دینے کے بارے میں باقی ماندہ مختلف یونیورسٹیوں میں درخواست دینے کی آخری تاریخیں: 28 جون ، ایئر یونیورسٹی 29 جون ، لاہور اسکول آف اکنامکس (ایل ایس ای)... 30 جون ، یو ای ٹی (ای سی اے ٹی) 30 جون ، FAST 30 جون ، قائداعظم یونیورسٹی 30 جون ، انسٹی ٹیوٹ آف اسپیس ٹکنالوجی (IST) 30 جون ، انفارمیشن ٹکنالوجی یونیورسٹی (ITU) 4 جولائی ، NUST 4 جولائی ، جی سی یو لاہور برائے بی ایس سی۔ (آنرز) اپلائیڈ مینجمنٹ 5 جولائی ، پنجاب یونیورسٹی (پی یو سی آئی ٹی ، کالج آف آرٹ اینڈ ڈیزائن ، ہیلی کالج آف بینکنگ اینڈ فنانس) 11 جولائی ، این ٹی ایس۔ NAT 11 جولائی ، انسٹی ٹیوٹ آف بزنس اینڈ منیجمنٹ (IBM) ، یو ای ٹی 12 جولائی ، سکھر آئی بی اے 12 جولائی ، یونیورسٹی آف زراعت ، فیصل آباد 13 جولائی ، پاکستان آرمی میڈیکل کیڈٹس 14 جولائی ، کیپیٹل یونیورسٹی آف سائنس اینڈ ٹکنالوجی ، اسلام آباد 15 جولائی ، نیشنل یونیورسٹی آف میڈیکل سائنس (NUMS ٹیسٹ -1) 15 جولائی ، نمل کالج ، میانوالی 15 جولائی ، یونیورسٹی آف مینجمنٹ اینڈ ٹکنالوجی (یو ایم ٹی) ، لاہور 17 جولائی ، قومی زبان کی جدید یونیورسٹی (NUML) 20 جولائی ، یوسی ای ایس ٹی ، لاہور لیڈ یونیورسٹی 22 جولائی ، کوماسٹس (لاہور ، اسلام آباد اور ایبٹ آباد کیمپس) 22 جولائی ، بحریہ یونیورسٹی 22 جولائی ، لاہور (یو او ایل) یونیورسٹی 22 جولائی ، نیشنل ڈیفنس یونیورسٹی (این ڈی یو) 22 جولائی: بین الاقوامی اسلامی یونیورسٹی ، اسلام آباد (IIII) 28 جولائی ، اقراء یونیورسٹی ، اسلام آباد 29 جولائی ، اباسین یونیورسٹی ، اسلام آباد یکم اگست ، کمساٹس (واہ ، اٹک ، ساہیوال اور وہاڑی کیمپس) 4 اگست ، آرمی پبلک کالج آف مینجمنٹ اینڈ سائنسز (APCOMS) 5 اگست ، این ٹی ایس۔ NAT 12 اگست ، مسلم یوتھ یونیورسٹی ، اسلام آباد 26 اگست ، نیشنل یونیورسٹی آف میڈیکل سائنسز (NUMS ٹیسٹ -2) کی
Hi.  My age is 25 and I am in my last year of bachelors of graphic designing At 26 I will finish it but through the degree I learnt nothing and also I am not a creative person and trying to change my career but where ever i go for search they ask me about my goals and to be honest i am not sure about my goals of life else then being success-full which is everyone goal these day so I want to ask a humble help for my career and what type of education I choose after this which is high paying for long run
گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے N250M لکھ اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 03061130143  #AB_ADS
Admissions are Open in ITU lahore  https://youtu.be/2wVhkOyFOw4



Givingaway Consoles for free WORLD WIDE! There will be a total of 150 Finalist Picked!*** The first 100 finilast will be the top 100 Entries on the Leaderboard, so you want to fight your way for your spot! Even if your not close to being on the leader board, there will be "Game Changers" this will be big entry oputunites that can shoot you to the leaderboards!!! The second 50 Finalist will be randomaly picked from all of the entries, so if you do not make the top 100 Leaderboards, you will still have a shot in becoming a Finalist. The Drawing for the 50 Finalist will be picked at the end of the contest! 
 5.Amiable👉good nature, pleasent, and easy to get along with.. #note: Dear students to cover your English portion for different compitative exams, nust, etea, forces initial test, mcat,  like this page. Join me with confident notions. #like_and_share





Admissions Reopen for Bachelor of Science in Public Health Session 2020-24 Last date to apply is extended till Tuesday, June 02, 2020 and online aptitude evalua...tion additional take on Thursday, June 04, 2020.  Merit List will be displayed on Friday, June 04, 2020 and last date to submit fee is Friday, June 12, 2020. Link to apply : https://bit.ly/2TnJPiu Link to advertisement and syllabus: https://bit.ly/3e9z2QP #NUMS #NDPH #BSPH #Session2020 #Admissionopen #Publichealth #Destination_distinction

گھر بیٹھے پیسے کمانے کا شاندار موقع. تفصیلات کے لیے N250M  لکھ کر اس نمبر پر واٹس ایپ کریں. 03061130143  #AB_ADS

https://www.facebook.com/groups/241768737184185/ Join the group for new scholarship updates.

i got 1052 marks in matric but unfortunately got 357 marks in fsc pre engineering part 1... Ab ma bs mass communication krna chahta hn.. Kia kcii govt University ma admission possible h?
 COMSATS University has announced that there will be no entrance test for Fall admissions 2020. Admission...s shall be offered on the basis of the academic results of the students. COMSATS Entry test for undergraduate programs is cancelled due to the prevailing COVID-19 situation. COMSATS shall start the online admission process on June 01 and admission shall be announced in major newspapers on May 31. Applicants will be required to log in online, fill in the required details and upload their documents to apply for admission 2020. The detailed merit criteria and merit formula for different programs will be uploaded soon.  It is pertinent to mention here that the entry test for undergraduate admission 2020 is canceled. Entry test dates for MS and Ph.D. programs shall be announced later and their merit criteria remain the same. COMSATS is a public sector university run by the Ministry of Science and Technology. COMSATS has been ranked number CS & IT university in Pakistan and also ranked number 3 in general category ranking by the Higher Education Commission HEC Islamabad.   For more information Visit http://admissions.comsats.edu.pk/
Dr. Murad Raas, Minister for Education Government of the Punjab has said that school vacations may be extended till August 15. He was talking in a TV show, wher...e he said the lives of the children and teachers are very important to us. We cannot afford to put the precious lives in danger. Dr. Murad Raas said that a classroom is like a time bomb in these situations. There are over 30 pupils in a class. Almost four students sit on a desk in public as well as in private schools. He said that if one student gets affected, it means the virus spreads to the 30 students, and then to 300 and then 3000. Hence we cannot afford to open schools until the situation gets any better. When responding to a question regarding the announcement of the opening of schools on June 01, he said that was the initial statement. Now schools are closed till July 15, but for the opening of schools considering the current situation, you can keep in mind that it may be extended till August 15.


Applying for Ecat  and in other universities? Know how to prepare for it? Don't worry we got you covered. Join us in our live session on zoom and get your every... question answered by the most intelligent students of top-notch universities. We will cover every test regarding admission in university. You can join the session from the link below at sharp 10:30 pm tomorrow.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/241768737184185/ Guys join this group for new scholarship updates.
our team has decided to help candidate regarding thier universities admission and career guidance. join this group for this
Admissions are open in IST Islamabad for undergraduate admissions. You can apply for test Which will be taken by NTS. For more information visit http://www.ist.edu.pk/admission-undergraduate-info
 Don't worry there is a solution to every problem.
 share it with your friends & relatives who are going to apply for it this year.
Entry Test tokens will be available from the designated HBL branches on payment of Rs 1200/- from 6th May 2020 to 1st June 2020. Detailed instructions about log...ging into the UET admission portal using the token number are given on the token.  Share it with your friends and relatives who are going to apply for ECAT this year.
University of Engineering and Technology UET Lahore announce combined entry test 2020 registration schedule. UET Lahore Entry test will be held on June 13 and J...une 14, 2020 in the assigned Virtual University centers. UET Lahore entry test shall be computer based for this year. Students will also be given a chance to appear in Mock test on June 06 and 07 for preparation purpose.

 It's a serious problem for the pupils who live in a village wh...ere they get 90 percent + marks in the annual HSSC exam, but when it comes to studying for the Entry Examination, they get low marks because no academy is involved. So here we have prepared a list for you from where you can practice about ecat and mcat online.















Muslims/World best leaders/2020/Imran khan/Tayyab urdagaan
Top ranking engineering universities of Pakistan: 1.National university of science and technology islamabad (nust) 2.pakistan Institute of applied sciences(pias...) 3.ghulam ishaq Khan Institute (giki) 4.university of engineering and technology lahore 5.uet peshawer and UET taxilla 6.FAST 7.comsats
S3H and NBS test pattern: Nust school of social sciences and business offers admission in following departments 1.psycology 2.mass communication 3 economics... 4.public administration 5 business administration Test pattern : Net for social sciences and business studies cantains 200 mcqs from following subjects 1. mathematics(basic math based on matric level because fsc medical students are also part of it)  2 English 3 intelligence *format: Mathematics cantains 80 mcqs, English also cantains 80 mcqs and intelligence portion cantains 40 mcqs How to prepare : Oetp books for nust preparation is available, you can either buy it or it will also available online Passing marks: We can not say anything formally but to get yourself rolled, you must have 130+ marks at least also keep in mind merit varies years to year Weitage: Fsc counts 15%, matric 10% and rest 75% weitage is based on net marks All the best Regards
IR: IR international relations is four year degree program with much wider scope and diversities Institute : Best Institute for IR is 1.national defense univers...ity islamabad 2.quaid e azam University Islamabad 3.National university of modern language(numl) 4.university of peshawer 5 GCU and punjab university if offering(not sure) Scope: IR is one of the best choice for those who wanna aspire css and Pms 2.journalist 3. public relations College lecturer or university professor 4.short service commision in forces  Admission : Admission will open in June July almost in Avery university, you have to pass the entry test to get rolled yourself in desired university Fsc (medical and engineering) both are elligible.


Muslims/World best leaders/2020/Imran khan/Tayyab urdagaan
BS English literature: This is four year Bachlor degree Institute: The best Institute for English is 1.National university of modern language(numl)... 2.GC university Lahore 3.punjab university Lahore 4.peshawer university 5. university of krachi Scope: Importance of English language is inevitable in this Era, to clear any competitive exam u must have a strong grip on English languistically.. After doing graduation in English literature or languistic u can opt following professions: 1.CSS 2.PMS 3.college lecturer and university professor 4.script writing u can also work as a freelance writer 5.u can teach the coarse of ielts, tophel, spoken english or even in css preparation acadmy Suitable for: If u are interested in English litrature as litrature is mirror of life, then this degree will reward you or if u are aspiring civil services and have poor educational background then u can fulfill those vibes through graduation in English..
Join in for some free mini tarot reads. For private paid reads whatsapp +92 344 9578689 #totally_serena instagram #findguidancewithserena #funlaughterandtarot
Psychology: Psychology is the science of our mind, its behavior and changes occuring in it due to influence of various factor Degree: Bachlor degree in psycholo...gy are being offered by topnoch Institute of Pakistan. After doing fsc or A level, u can go for it.fsc pre engineering student can also take admission in psychology Institute: 1.National university of science and technology 2.Qauid e azam University Islamabad 3.GC university lahore 4.university of management and technology(umt) lahore 5 university of krachi 6 university of lahore 7.peshawer university Scope: After doing BS in psychology, u can join army as a psychologist, university professor, trainor, social media activist as mental issues are increasing day by day, after doing MS in psychology u can work as a clinical psychologist and can open your own clinic.  But again social media is a very huge platform if u work on it for the welfare of humanity, it will be act of kindness.
What is mass communication and its scope?? In this advance Era the importance of social, print and electronic media is becoming inevitable... Mass CUMMINICATION... means to convey information through electronic media to public in impressive way.. Degree: It is four years based degree and is being offered by topnoch Institute of Pakistan Institute : 1.National university of science and technology islamabad 2.national university of modern language 3 international Islamic university islamabad 4.iqra national university 5.punjab university Lahore 6 university of central punjab 7 university of Karachi 8 university of lahore main campus Scope: After doing graduation in mass CUMMINICATION u can join media feild as an anchor, producer, content writer, journalist, news caster, reporter, director, university professor, etc Based on your skill u can reach at the peak level through consistent hard work Who can go for it: If you are good at writing, speaking this feild is for you but keeps in mind that passion has no alternative if u are not passionate, u can not mend your ways in this feild.. Conclusion: Although this is a bit stressful too, u have to stay updated averytime but on the contrary u can do your best as well thats actually your own disicion.. Regards Osman Sarfraz

All you need to Know about universities admission, career guidance and scope of different feilds which is dilemma of every candidate.. Join this group Thank u





VACANCIES AVAILABLE FOR RETIRED OR JOBLESS PERSONS;
Call for Admissions for Akhuwat College Kasur : Admissions are now open for the 6th Entry at Akhuwat College Kasur, last date to submit applications is 16th March,2020. Please find detailed instructions on the attached flyer:




What is the merit of bs international relation in Islamic university



Important points of lecture. 1)-Are you going to top in Exams ? 2)-Are you going to Pass or Fail? 3)-If you want to top in Upcoming Exams your must have  to compete Approximately 80 thousand Students ? For Answer of these questions Listen this video completely .






 QUAID.....



AIOU علامہ اقبال اوپن یونیورسٹی سمسٹر خزاں 2019 جن طلباہ/طالبات کے داخلے ابھی تک کنفرم نہیں ہوۓ وہ چالان کی یونیورسٹی کاپی جلد سے جلد اس ایڈریس پر ڈاک کریں۔ ڈائریکٹر شعبہ داخلہ،بلاک نمبر4 علامہ اقبال اوپن یونیورسٹی،سیکٹر H-8 اسلام آباد۔ For More Information.... 051-111-112-468
Admissions open at various universities for spring 2020
Admissions open in AUST spring intake
*** PEEF Special Quota Scholarships 2019-2020 *** Punjab Government has opened the applications for PEEF scholarships for following Special Quota categories: > ...Orphans > Children of government servants in BPS 1 - 4 (children of both serving and retired govt. servants are eligible) > Special Children > Children from minorities > Children of Civilians Martyred in Terrorist Attacks Forms can be downloaded from here: > Application Form: https://www.peef.org.pk/…/20…/SQInter-GraduationForm2019.pdf > Affidavit Letter: https://www.peef.org.pk/Down…/…/2019/AffidavitLetter2019.pdf
 Admissions are open in International Islamic University for Undergraduate & Postgraduate Programs for Spring-2020. Apply Now: https://admission.iiu.edu.pk/ Fee Structure: https://admission.iiu.edu.pk/fee-structure
 Admissions are open in Bahria University (Karachi, Islamabad & Lahore Campuses) for Undergraduate & Postgraduate Progr...ams for Spring-2020.  Complete Admission details: https://bahria.edu.pk/admission/admission-procedure/ Apply Now: https://cms.bahria.edu.pk/Logins/Candidate/Registration.aspx
 A LUMS Undergraduate degree will set you apart from the crowd! Whether you want to excel in the corporate world, become an accla...imed writer, make a mark practicing Law or aim to be a part of groundbreaking scientific research, our highly qualified faculty will be there to guide you. The LUMS experience nurtures your intelligence and unlocks your true potential. We look forward to welcoming you to LUMS. Visit: http://bit.ly/LUMSAdmissions2020


Admission Open #Rawalakot chak campus for 2020! 03335133369

https://vulearning.com/…/hec-chinese-government-scholarship…
For downloading entry test admission form visit www.aqkicampus.com
Golden opportunity to get an foreign MBBS degree  First Chinese Medical Institute DANISHGAH School of Medical Sciences Don't need to go CHINA study here and get MBBS degree of HENAN University CHINA. contact         :04235420044... cell number  :03136627691










http://fjwu.edu.pk/…/admissions-open-for-bachelors-evening…/
















Asalam aliakum Koi Bata sakta he k bs zoology k sAth sAth me sonography ka diploma Kar sakti Hoon Kya or Kya after diploma muje job mil sakti he

 With collaboration of digital transformation solutions , NCBAE gulberg campus  has started two months spoken english course. Saturday sunday 6pm to 8 pm... Fee:10k  outsiders: 13k Venue: NCBAE main campus Gulberg Last date fee submission : 22nd October Commencement of classes: 26th October All NCBAE local campuses  students and outsider can also register themselves
Asslam.o.Alaikum I am teaching online Holly Quran to kids via skype by screen sharing. One by one classes of  half hour each, 20 mint for Quran lesson or Norani Qaida and 10 mint for Namaz, kalme, prayers and short surahs. 3 and 5 days classes in a week. Time of your choice. Male and female teachers availble... 3 days  free trial classes  Jazakillah
















Mehnaz parveen from Passu, Hunza-Gojal appointed as first female Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in Karakurum Area Development Organisation (KADO). She has done h...er master in journalism, one year journalism certificate from Madison College and one year film making certificate courses form university of California, USA. Beside her academic career she served as director Face foundation for Arts, culture and education.

Earn a Govt. Univetsity Degree & Become a Member of 4th Largest Healthcare Profession. Hospitals, Labs and Diagnostic Centres are Major Employers. Apply Now https://admissions.casht.edu.pk/





فخرہ استور Youngest CSP in the history of GB.Mr Asad Ali from District Astore has been Appointed in Police Service of Pakistan After Qualifying CSS-2017.A proud... moment for GB Astore.Congratulations to him and his family. He Is LUMS gratuate and former student of Cadet College SkD.💜 ✍️Red salute to you brother Asad Ali.








https://www.nationalmeritscholarships.com/terms-of-service
 29 SEPTEMBER ..




Quality Education at your door step. Lowest Semester fee. Complete Degree in your home town. Fee payable in installment. Fastest growing federal University.... معلومات اور داخلے کے لیے ابھی کال کریں۔0321.7212792


Last date to apply for admission 

Asslam.o.Alaikum I am teaching online Holly Quran to kids via skype by screen sharing. One by one classes of  half hour each, 20 mint for Quran lesson or Norani Qaida and 10 mint for Namaz, kalme, prayers and short surahs. 3 and 5 days classes in a week. Time of your choice. Male and female teachers availble... 3 days  free trial classes  Jazakillah














For all those who wish to get admission in BSCS.. In Fazaia university lahore...






اسلام و علیکم  آزادکشمیر یونیورسٹی میں سیشن 2019-20 کیلیئے داخلے جاری ہو چکے ہیں جس کے لیئے رجسٹریشن فارم و پراسپیکٹس فیس مبلغ 1700 روپے ہے ۔ لہذا تمام طلبہ و طالبات سے گذارش ہے کہ وہ 05-10-2019 سے پہلے فارم جمع کروائیں ۔  شکریہ AOA ! Admissions of Session 2019-20 were started in University of AJK Muzaffarabad. For that Admission form and Prospectus fee is 1700. ... You can submit your form before 05-10-2019. Thankyou  جامعہ کشمیر میں موجود ڈیپارٹمنٹ  Faculty of Sciences Department of Botney Department of Zoology Department of Computer sciences and Information technology Department of Biotechnology Kashmir Institute of Geology Department of Mathematics Department of Statistics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Faculty of Arts Department of Psychology Department of Management Sciences Department of Law Department of Urdu Language Department of sociology and Rural development Department of Islamic Studies Institute of Languages Institute of Kashmir Studies Faculty of Engineering Department of Electrical engineering Department of Software Engineering Faculty of Medical and health Sciences Department of Public health sciences Department of Allied health sciences
Universitiy of Education  Admission Notes 2019 Last Date 30-09-19 Link:-  https://www.ue.edu.pk/beta/2019/downloads/ad.jpg
Novimed Specialist Clinic is organizing a Free Medical Camp on Sunday, 15th September! Visit us at our clinic from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. and get free consultancy from our top medical specialists in the fields of Urology, Orthopedics, Gynaecology, Pulmonology, Trauma and more. We hope to see you all there! Clinic Address: 14-S, Phase 2, DHA, Ghazi Road (Besides PTCL Exchange), Lahore... For more information and details, call us now @ 0303-0903692

Asslam.o.Alaikum I am teaching online Holly Quran to kids via skype by screen sharing. One by one classes of  half hour each, 20 mint for Quran lesson or Norani Qaida and 10 mint for Namaz, kalme, prayers and short surahs. 3 and 5 days classes in a week. Time of your choice. Male and female teachers availble... 3 days  free trial classes  Jazakillah
I challenged the Foreign Secretary today on the Government’s lack of effective action on the Kashmir crisis - arguing for international pressure to restore Kashmir’s special status and secure a plebiscite to determine its future.
Nomination... MBBS.. BDS.. Application Submittion... Last Date...  25-9-2019..

LLB 5 years admission open in Multan . limited seats limited time , affiliation completed notification attached






We cordially welcome to all new members for joinng this prestigeous group. We hope that all of you will help each other regarding admission informations in different institutes and universities......



Which One is best according to studies scope and jobs ??? International relations or peace and conlflict studies .
Who is the legend having knowledge about BS peace and conflict s studies ?





 Admission are opened in The following different universities.. 1. Gomal University D.I Khan 5th September... Govt sector  2. University of Wah 9th September Govtt sector 3. University of Sahiwal (M. A/MSc) 12th September Semi govt  4. University of Lahore Gujarat campus 13th September 5. Bahaudin Zakriya University, Multan 13th September Govt sector  6. Lahore College Woman University, Lahore 13th September Govt sector  7. Government College Woman University, Sialkot 13th September Govt  8. Foundation University, Sialkot Campus 13th September 9. Rawalpindi Woman University, Rawalpindi 15th September Govtt sector 10. Government College University Faisalabad 16th September Govtt sector 11. University of Engineering & Technology, Lahore 16th September Govtt sector  12. University of Punjab, Lahore Online : 16th September Hard copy : 20th September Govt sector  13. Quaid e azam university (pharmacy) 17th September Govtt sector  14. Islamia University Bahawalpur 19th September Govtt sector  15. Government College Woman University, Faisalabad 20th September Govtt sector  16. Government Sadiq College Woman University, Bahawalpur 20th September Govtt sector  17. Cholistan University of Veterinary & Animals Science, Bahawalpur 20th September Govt sector  18. University of Okara 20th September Semi govt 19. Khawaja Fareed University of Engineering & information technology, RYK 20th September Govtt sector  20. Ghazi University, DG Khan For Bs: 23rd September  For M.a/Msc : 13th September  Govt sector  21. University of Sialkot 25th September Semi govt sector  22. Arid University of Agriculture, Rawalpindi  20th September  Govt sector  23. University of Sahiwal  For Bs : 30th September  Semi govt sector  24. Institute of southern Punjab, Multan  Till September mid  Semi govt  25. Afro-Asian Asian Institute, Lahore  26. Superior University Lahore  27. Riphah University Lahore  28. UMT, Lahore  29. Nur International University Lahore  30. Hajvery University Lahore  31. University of Central Punjab  32. Indus University, Karachi  33. Bahria University, Lahore Campus  12th September  34. Virtual University ( all campus)  35. Muhammad Nawaz Shareef University of Agriculture, Multan  Last date : 20th September  Govt sector  36. University of Sargodha 23rd September  Govt sector  37. Minhaj University Lahore  38. University of South Asia  39. Shifa Tameer e milat Islamabad  40. GCUF Layyah campus  15th September 41. Gift University Gujranwala 42. The University of Faisalabad  Note : U can ask questions if u have regarding this & u can also apply through our page 






 UET Lahore announces Admissions for BSc Engineering Programs   *Deadline:* 16-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  VIRTUAL UNIVERSITY OF PAKISTAN, LAHORE  *Deadline:* 14-09-2019  *Level*: PhD, Bachelor, MA/MSc, MS  UNIVERSITY OF THE PUNJAB, LAHORE  *Deadline:* 06-09-2019  *Level*: MS  LAHORE COLLEGE FOR WOMEN UNIVERSITY, LAHORE  *Deadline:* 13-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MS, PhD, MA/MSc  GOVERNMENT COLLEGE UNIVERSITY, LAHORE *Deadline:* 04-09-2019  *Level*: MS  RACHNA COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY, GUJRANWALA  *Deadline:* 16-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor   ZIA-UD-DIN MEDICAL UNIVERSITY, KARACHI  *Deadline:* 10-09-2019  *Level*: MS  DHA SUFFA UNIVERSITY(MAIN CAMPUS), KARACHI  *Deadline:* 14-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MS, PhD  THE GOVERNMENT SADIQ COLLEGE WOMEN UNIVERSITY, BAHAWAL PUR  *Deadline:* 20-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MS, MA/MSc, PhD   UNIVERSITY OF HARIPUR, HARIPUR  *Deadline:* 10-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MS, MA/MSc  MUHAMMAD NAWAZ SHARIF UNIVERSITY OF AGRICULTURE, MULTAN  *Deadline:* 20-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF MODERN LANGUAGES ( FAISALABAD CAMPUS ), FAISALABAD  *Deadline:* 30-08-2019  *Level*: MS, Bachelor, MA/MSc  SARHAD UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, PESHAWAR  *Deadline:* 30-08-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MA/MSc  ABBOTTABAD UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, ABBOTTABAD  *Deadline:* 02-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  30. RIPHAH INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY, ISLAMABAD  *Deadline:* 08-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  ABBOTTABAD UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, ABBOTTABAD  *Deadline:* 13-09-2019  *Level*: MS, MA/MSc  CITY UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, PESHAWAR  *Deadline:* 16-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MS, PhD, MA/MSc  LAHORE LEADS UNIVERSITY, LAHORE  *Deadline:* 17-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MS, MA/MSc   THE UNIVERSITY OF LAHORE ( ISLAMABAD CAMPUS ), ISLAMABAD  *Deadline:* 06-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  NATIONAL TEXTILE UNIVERSITY FAISALABAD, SUB CAMPUS, KARACHI  *Deadline:* 14-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  THE UNIVERSITY OF LAHORE ( ISLAMABAD CAMPUS ), ISLAMABAD  *Deadline:* 15-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  Admissions are open in 379 Universities / Colleges across the country. For details of all Open Admissions, visit 





MBBS Ma. Ni jasky toh  Kia hova..






PSC test AJK

Aoa!  Is there anyone who can guide me for taking admission in any private medical institute?  I have passed MCAT with 132/200

Thanks UGBSO Rawalakot
 Admission into top 70 universties in the world accroding to QS and times education.As you know that admission into these types of universties don't matter on grades but the whole application matters We are master in building a strong application







PMAS Arid Agriculture University Rawalpindi  offering following bacholars degrees & closings merit 2018.. 1:BS Agriculture Science Closing merit:- Morning: 61.0...91 Evening: 55:45 2:DVM Closing merit:- Morning: 89.54% Evening: 86.54% 3:BS Human Nutrition and Dietetics(HND) Closing merit:- Morning: 82% Evening: 75.64% 4:BS Micro-Biology Closing merit: 82.54% 5:BS Bio-Chemistry Closing merit:- Morning: 84.73% Evening: 80.64% 6:BS Foresty Closing merit: 65% 7:BS Environmental Sciences Closing merit: 73.091% 8:BS Geo-Informatics Closing merit: 65.63% 9:BS Economics Closing merit: 54.091% 10:BS Computer Science Closing merit:- Morning: 74.45% Evening: 67.27% 11:BS Information Technology Closing merit:- Morning: 69.90% Evening: 64.18% 12:BS Softwere Engeenring Closing merit: Morning: 76.63% Evening: 67.27% 13:BBA Closing merit:- Morning: 64.45% Afternoon: 61.82% 14:BS Commerce Closing merit:- Afternoon: 46.091% Evening: 45.45% Merit Criteria:Only FSC marks *Admission will be open in September 2019* #SCFG
 #Undergraduate Programs » Civil Engineering » Electronics Engineering #Master Degree Programs Taxila Campus (Download Forms) » Soil Mechanics & Foundation Engineering Electronics Engineering  » Biomedical Systems » Electronics System Design » Applied Mechanics & Design Doctoral Programs Taxila Campus » Electronics Engineering About UET Taxila With phenomenal increase in students' enrollment in 1970's, a plan to establish additional campuses of the University of Engineering and Technology Lahore was conceived. As a result of that, the University College of Engineering Taxila was established.




Degree programs offred at University of education...  Lahor.....  Govt uni....




It is informed to all FSc passed  students who want to get admission in university of poonch Rawlakot  specially  in Agricultural department should not waste their time in searching for nomination letter in education directorate GB.  The students with or without nomination letter are treated equally.....




















 SHAHEED BENAZIR BHUTTO DEWAN UNIVERSITY, KARACHI  *Deadline:* 05-08-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MS ... *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/shaheed-benazir-bhutto-dewan… UNIVERSITY OF KARACHI, KARACHI  *Deadline:* 16-08-2019  *Level*: MS  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/university-of-karachi-karach… BAHRIA UNIVERSITY MEDICAL & DENTAL COLLEGE, KARACHI  *Deadline:* 19-08-2019  *Level*: MS  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/bahria-university-medical-de… KARACHI INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL SCIENCES, KARACHI  *Deadline:* 19-08-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/karachi-institute-of-medical… BAHRIA UNIVERSITY ( KARACHI CAMPUS ), KARACHI  *Deadline:* 19-08-2019  *Level*: MS, Bachelor  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/bahria-university-karachi-ca… SIR SYED UNIVERSITY OF ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGY, KARACHI  *Deadline:* 24-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/sir-syed-university-of-engin… ZIA-UD-DIN MEDICAL UNIVERSITY, KARACHI  *Deadline:* 30-08-2019  *Level*: MS, PhD  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/zia-ud-din-medical-universit… MUHAMMAD ALI JINNAH UNIVERSITY, KARACHI  *Deadline:* 17-08-2019  *Level*: MS, Bachelor, MA/MSc  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/muhammad-ali-jinnah-universi… INSTITUTE OF SPACE TECHNOLOGY (Sub campus), KARACHI  *Deadline:* 31-08-2019  *Level*: MS  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/institute-of-space-technolog…

*Important Admissions Announcements* NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF MODERN LANGUAGES, ISLAMABAD, ISLAMABAD  *Deadline:* 09-08-2019  *Level*: PhD, MS  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/national-university-of-moder… UNIVERSITY OF ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGY ( MARDAN CAMPUS ), MARDAN  *Deadline:* 02-08-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/university-of-engineering-te… UNIVERSITY OF THE PUNJAB [ GUJRANWALA CAMPUS ], GUJRANWALA  *Deadline:* 09-08-2019  *Level*: MA/MSc, MS  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/university-of-the-punjab-guj… UNIVERSITY OF MANAGEMENT AND TECHNOLOGY, LAHORE  *Deadline:* 17-08-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MA/MSc  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/university-of-management-and… UNIVERSITY OF GUJRAT, GUJRAT  *Deadline:* 20-08-2019  *Level*: MS, Bachelor, MA/MSc, PhD  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/university-of-gujrat-gujrat-… SIR SYED CASE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, ISLAMABAD  *Deadline:* 30-07-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/sir-syed-case-institute-of-t… KINNAIRD COLLEGE FOR WOMEN, LAHORE  *Deadline:* 02-08-2019  *Level*: MS  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/kinnaird-college-for-women-l… NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY, ISLAMABAD  *Deadline:* 05-08-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/national-university-of-techn… RIPHAH INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY, ISLAMABAD  *Deadline:* 05-08-2019  *Level*: MS  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/riphah-international-univers… CECOS UNIVERSITY OF INFORMATION TECH. & EMERGING SCIENCES, PESHAWAR  *Deadline:* 19-08-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MS, PhD  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/cecos-university-of-informat… NFC INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & FERTILIZER RESEARCH, FAISALABAD  *Deadline:* 19-08-2019  *Level*: Bachelor, MS  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/nfc-institute-of-engineering… INSTITUTE OF SPACE TECHNOLOGY, ISLAMABAD  *Deadline:* 31-08-2019  *Level*: PhD, MS  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/institute-of-space-technolog… SARDAR BAHADUR KHAN WOMEN UNIVERSITY, QUETTA  *Deadline:* 03-09-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/sardar-bahadur-khan-women-un… NFC INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGY, MULTAN  *Deadline:* 01-10-2019  *Level*: Bachelor  *Details:* https://www.eduvision.edu.pk/…/nfc-institute-of-engineering…
OGDCL. NTHP 2019 Seminars in Gilgit Baltistan..
This group is created for providing informations regarding admissions in differentuniversities of pakistan. Please  share and discuss  matters related to above....                                 Good Luck
Is group ko banany ka maqsad ya ha ki hamary allaqy (Astore) k wo students jo is time 9th, 10th, 11th or 12th classes ma padty hain wo universities or collegs ma admission ki malumat tk rasaii hasil krain....



Post
This year’s World Mental Health Day, on 10 October, comes at a time when our daily lives have changed considerably as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.It is estimated that One in four people in the world will be affected by mental or neurological disorders at some point in their lives. Around 450 million people currently suffering from such conditions, placing mental disorders among the leading causes of ill-health and disability worldwide. Mental illness is not a personal failure. In fact, if there is failure, it is to be found in the way we have responded to people with mental and brain disorders #10october #mentalhealthday #mentalhealthawareness

All students of newly admitted batch 2020 are advised to visit the EE meeting room in formal dress for photoshoot as per FOLLOWING SCHEDULE. The photos will be used for University ID card and Flex profile.  Wednesday 23rd September 9:00 - 10:15              BCS-1C 10:15- 11:40             BCS-1D 11:45-1:10                BCS-1A... 1:45-3:10                  BCS-1B Thursday   24th September 10:15-10:45              BCS-1E 12:15 - 1:45              BSE- 1B Friday   25th September 10:15 - 11:30            BSE - 1A
As our students resume on-campus classes, meet our New Normal at FAST CFD Campus
An Orientation Ceremony for the newly inducted Batch 2020 was held at FAST-NUCES Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. All the COVID-19 protocols were strictly followed in letter and spirit. To corroborate the prevailing COVID-19 SOP’s, the ceremony was divided into three sessions.  Dr. Shahzad Sarfraz, worthy Director of the CFD Campus presided all three sessions along with HoD’s of respective departments. He congratulated and welcomed the new faces for becoming member of FAST family. ...He mentioned that campus faculty and staff is committed to equip students with knowledge and character which will be a great asset for them in the journey of life. He emphasized that it is all possible because of the selfless, ceaseless and imaginative efforts of the Foundation FAST and Higher Management of University. He vowed to make the stay of the students as comfortable as possible. His address was followed by the addresses of Dr Usman Habib, Head Computer Science, Dr Gufran Khan, Head Electrical Engineering, and Mr. Syed Zeeshan, Head Management Sciences. HoD’s briefed their students about the semester system and intimated that quality of education of their department is recognized Nationally and Internationally by reputed organizations and universities. At the end, Administration of the University assured that students shall be able to meet their expectations in terms of quality of education.
FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus will be conducting the orientation of Batch 2020 on 15th September, 2020. To ensure the safety of all new students, the orientation will be conducted in separate groups to maintain the social distance. Welcome to the FAST Lane! #FASTNU #fastnucfdcampus #Batch2020
FAST-NUCES Chiniot Faisalabad Campus is seeking Visiting Faculty at the Department Of Science And Humanities with a passion for teaching. All interested candidates are encouraged to apply for the mentioned positions. #FASTNU #fasnucfdcampus #jobopportunity
 #fastnucfdcampus #FASTNUChiniotFaisalabad #FASTNU #defenceday #6september
Mark Your Calendars! September 5th, 2020 is the day to for Walk-In Test/ Interviews. FAST-NUCES Chiniot Faisalabad Campus is seeking Lab Instructors with a passion for teaching and research. All interested candidates are encouraged to apply for the mentioned positions. #FASTNU #fasnucfdcampus #jobopportunity
 FAST-NUCES Chiniot Faisalabd Campus is hiring Research Assistants for the following positions at our research group, Spatial Analytics Research Group on the HEC approved project, "Ventor-borne Infectious Diseases Surveillance and response system using earth observation data": 1. Research Assistant (Ph.D. Studentship) 2. Research Assistant (MS. Studentship) For details about Spatial Analytics Research Group. visit: https://sar.org.pk/
FAST-NUCES Chiniot Faisalabad Campus is seeking Lab Instructors with a passion for teaching and research. All interested candidates are encouraged to apply for the mentioned positions. #FASTNU #fasnucfdcampus #jobopportunity
 Admissions for PhD(CS)at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 3rd September, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Congratulations to our MSCS research scholars Ms. Pariwish Tauseef , Mr. Noaman Saleem and Ms. Bisma Rehman on successfully defending their MSCS Theses under the Supervision of Dr. Khubaib Amjad Alam (PI FAST-SEOR). Pariwish Tauseef got distinction on her work in enabling Web application security through a novel SQLi mitigation framework and enhanced MD5 algorithm. Noaman Saleem proposed a novel search-based software Bug prioritization Approach using modified Multi-Objective ...Grey Wolf Optimizer. Lastly, Bisma Rehman has worked on CNN-based automated extraction of non-functional requirements (NFRs) from App Reviews to facilitate Requirements elicitation process. These are among the most hardworking and productive students Dr. Khubaib’s research group FAST-SEOR. In total 12 MS candidates have successfully completed their theses under his supervision in past 2.5 years. We wish them all the best for their future endeavors. Special Thanks to Dr. Shahid Farid (BZU) and Dr. Javed Iqbal (CUI) for joining as external examiners. Dr. Shahid also met Director FAST CFD Campus Dr. Shahzad Sarfraz and appreciated the level of research being conducted at FAST CFD Campus and showed his interest in research collaborations between FAST and BZU, Multan. (21-08-2020)

FAST CFD campus is highly concerned about the health and safety of its students, faculty and staff members. Before reopening campus hostel after Covid19 outbreak; FAST CFD campus followed safety protocols and guidelines of World Health Organization for cleanliness. We hired a government certified organization (Yonex Pest Control, Disinfection and Fumigation Services) for disinfection of hostels. The qualified microbiologist and entomologist disinfected surfaces with a mixture of various compounds including isopropyl alcohol, ethyl alcohol, methyl alcohol, thymol and menthol. Our hostel staff is washing all rooms with chlorine water and detergents. We are ready to offer you a safe living and workplace environment however you need to follow safety protocols for your and others protection. #fastnucfdcampus #FASTNUChiniotFaisalabad #FASTNU
FAST CFD campus is highly concerned about the health and safety of its students, faculty and staff members. Before reopening campus hostel after Covid19 outbreak; FAST CFD campus followed safety protocols and guidelines of World Health Organization for cleanliness. We hired a government certified organization (Yonex Pest Control, Disinfection and Fumigation Services) for disinfection of hostels. The qualified microbiologist and entomologist disinfected surfaces with a mixture of various compounds including isopropyl alcohol, ethyl alcohol, methyl alcohol, thymol and menthol. Our hostel staff is washing all rooms with chlorine water and detergents. We are ready to offer you a safe living and workplace environment however you need to follow safety protocols for your and others protection. #fastnucfdcampus #FASTNUChiniotFaisalabad #FASTNU
 Admissions for MS(CS), MS(EE), MBA and PhD(CS )at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions for MS(CS), MS(EE), MBA and PhD(CS )at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions for MS(CS), MS(EE), MBA and PhD(CS) at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit the link http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/.
 Admissions for MS(CS), MS(EE), MBA and PhD(CS )at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Dream big and we will help you achieve them. Join MS(Electrical Engineering) and start your journey for future. Admissions for MS(CS), MS(EE), MBA and PhD(CS) at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit the link http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/.
 Admissions for MS(CS), MS(EE), MBA and PhD(CS )at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
On this day of Independence, let’s take some time out and pay back to our community. FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus organized a small plantation drive at campus. Make Pakistan Green, Make Pakistan Great!
 Admissions for MBA, MS(CS), MS(EE) and PhD(CS) are now open at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences. Apply before 18th August, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit the link http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Congratulations to all our students who have won grants under NGIRI (ICT funding) FYP funding scheme!  Here is the list of 10 Final Year Projects from the Computer Science and Electrical Engineering department of FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus. We wish you best of luck for your future endeavors. More power to you all.

 Registration Deadline for MS and PhD Registrations at FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus extended till 18th of August. Apply now at http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ and get a chance to be part of FAST family.

Good news for those who haven't applied yet for masters and PhD programs.  Date of MS and PhD Registrations at FAST CFD are now extended till 18th of August. So hurry up, apply at http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/  and get a chance to be part of FAST family. For further details, inbox us now or visit our website: www.nu.edu.pk #FASTLANE #Admissions2020 #JOINFAST
1st Merit List has been uploaded on our website, you can check your status using your ARN number at: http://nu.edu.pk/
 #FastLane #EidulAdha #EidMubarak #FastNU
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 #FASTNU #HajjMubarak #FastLane #FASTCFDCampus
FAST- NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus is now offering PhD (Computer Science)! Apply now take a step further into the future. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
We're now live with Dr. Aftab Ahmed Maroof, Director of FAST - Chiniot Faisalabad Campus, Dr. M. Shahzad Sarfraz, Head of Computer Science Department, Dr. Gufran Khan, Head of Electrical Engineering Department, Mr. Syed Zeeshan Haider, Head of FAST School of Management, Mr. M. Nouman, Head of Department Of Science And Humanities, Ms. Aysha Shafiq, Career Services Officer, Mr. Muhammad Naeem, Academic Officer and Mr. Muhammad Shafique, Student Affairs Officer of FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus.
FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus is now live on Instagram. Follow @fast.cfd.official for updates regarding FAST Admissions 2020 and campus life. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Join us in our Final Facebook Live Session of FAST Admission 2020 with Dr. Aftab Ahmed Maroof, Director of FAST - Chiniot Faisalabad Campus, Dr. M. Shahzad Sarfraz, Head of Computer Science Department, Dr. Gufran Khan, Head of Electrical Engineering Department, Mr. Syed Zeeshan Haider, Head of FAST School of Management, Ms. Aysha Shafiq, Career Services Officer, Mr. Muhammad Naeem, Academic Officer and Mr. Muhammad Shafique, Student Affairs Officer of FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalab...ad Campus and ask all your questions. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit the link in bio.

 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

Join Computer Science Department of FAST-NU Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus and open the doors of countless possibilities for a bright future.  Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Mr. Jasim Qazi, our panelist for Facebook Live Session with FAST-NU Alumni Association, North America - FAANA on July 25th, 2020 at 8:00 PM! Jasim Qazi graduated from FAST Karachi in 2008 and since then has moved to California to venture into the world of video games. He pursued a masters in computer science from San Jose State University, CA and worked for different startups in Silicon Valley before moving to Los Angeles, where he worked on multiple Call of Duty titles at Ac...tivision. He is currently at Niantic Labs, the creator of Pokemon Go, as a senior technical director working on the next generation of augmented reality (AR) and location based products. One of his latest projects includes Marvel Strike Force, which has become a new favorite amongst mobile gamers. He is also the founder of UrduScienceTech.com, which aims to spread knowledge and awareness of science and technology to the common Pakistani. Join us share all your questions with our esteemed panelists and learn from their experience.  Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Ms. Sheeba Malik, our panelist for Facebook Live Session with FAST-NU Alumni Association, North America - FAANA on July 25th, 2020 at 8:00 PM! Sheeba Malik is an experienced Project Management Professional (PMP) and ITIL Service Management Expert with more than 19 years of experience in successfully managing and delivering complex, large scale technology projects from conception through implementation with a focus on SDLC and end to end solution delivery.  She works for Apple... in the role of Engineering Program Manager supporting First Party Apps and resides in Cupertino, California. Prior to joining Apple, she has delivered numerous projects in the domain of speech systems and transit solutions. She holds BS Computer Science from FAST-NU Islamabad and Breakthrough Leadership diploma from Harvard Business School.  Join us share all your questions with our esteemed panelists and learn from their experience.  Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Our first panelist for Facebook Live Session with FAST-NU Alumni Association, North America - FAANA, Mr. Ahmad Malik! Ahmad Malik is currently working as an independent IT Management Advisor with a leading healthcare organization. Before that, he was a Head of Information Technology at Learning Care Group for 11 years, leading all aspects of technological development supporting the company's innovative educational programs and customer solutions. Previously, Ahmad spent 12 ye...ars with Ciber (now HTC Global) in senior IT roles of steadily increasing responsibility, most recently as Director of Application Services. During that time, he was responsible for the implementation and enhancements of enterprise resource planning (ERP), Business Intelligence, and Custom/Packaged applications. Before that, Ahmad served as an IT Consultant.  Ahmad holds an MS Information Systems degree from Lawrence Technology University and an MBA from the University of Colorado at Denver. Ahmad graduated from the FAST Institute of Computer Science Lahore in 1994 and later obtained a bachelor's degree from Western Michigan University. ​ Join us on July 25th, 2020 at 8:00 PM and share all your questions with our esteemed panelists and learn from their experience.  Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
The way forward is full of hurdles but with a little guidance, you can do wonders!  FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus has organized a Facebook Live Session with the members of FAST-NU Alumni Association, North America - FAANA (FAANA). Our discussion panel consist of Mr. Ahmad Malik, Ms. Sheeba Malik, Mr. Jasim Qazi & the Founding Director of FAST-NU, Islamabad & Faisalabad Campus, Dr. Aftab Ahmed Maroof.  Join us on July 25th, 2020 at 8:00 PM and share all your questions with... our esteemed panelists and learn from their experience.   Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Dream big and we will help you achieve them! Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

Applicants who have taken A-Level Exams but haven't received their Equivalence Certificate, must calculate their equivalence according to the guidelines provided on the Official Website of IBCC and upload it while applying for FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 MBA & BBA Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
We're now live with the alumni of Electrical Engineering department, Mr. Saad Kashif, Mr. Muhammad Hassam Arshad, Ms. Aroosa Umair, Mr.Masood Aslam & Mr. Waqar Baig, faculty member of Department of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus.
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
FAST-NU Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus provides transport facility for our students in all the major areas of Faisalabad and Chiniot. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
We're now live with our alumni from FAST School of Computing: Ms. Sana Nasir, Mr, Nauman Abid, Mr. Syed Shah Hassan, Mr. Syed Manzar Abbas with Mr. Mughees Ismail, Faculty Member and also our alumni
Missing your University friends and campus? Share fun moments from your life with us and we will share it with the world.  
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus and start your journey of success! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

Subscribe to our YouTube channel and get latest updates about admissions 2020 and campus life at FAST-NU CFD Campus. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Do you have questions about FAST School of Management? Want to know more about campus life at FAST-NU CFD Campus?  Join us in our Facebook Live Session with the Alumni of FAST School of Management, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus on July 10th, 2020 at 8:00 PM. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Mr. Ibraheem Ahmad talks about the importance and effects of Career Counselling. Join us tonight for our Online Career Counselling Session at 8:00 PM with Mr. Ibraheem Ahmad & Mr. Mughees Ismail, faculty member FAST-NU CFD Campus and clear your doubts about your future path. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Share your questions in the comment section and we will answer them in our Online Career Counselling Session with professional trainer, Mr. Ibraheem Ahmad & Mr. Mughees Ismail, faculty member FAST-NU CFD Campus, tonight at 8:00 PM. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Join us in our Online Career Counselling Session with professional trainer, Mr. Ibraheem Ahmad & Mr. Mughees Ismail, faculty member FAST-NU CFD Campus and clear your doubts about your future. Date: July 7th, 2020 Time: 8:00 PM Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Ibraheem Ahmad is an enabler. For past 10 years, he has enabled individuals and organizations to achieve their aspirations. Being a professional entrepreneur and passionate trainer, he has trained thousands of people across Pakistan on various aspects of personal and professional development. Being a Chief Executive and Lead Trainer @ GOAL Tra...inings, Ibraheem has worked with people from all parts of Pakistan (communities, conflict affected areas, corporate executives, teachers, professors, and development sector professionals). His major clients include; Telenor, Honda, Hilton Pharma, British Council, State Bank of Pakistan (SBP), Enclude, Centaurus, TiE Islamabad, ZONG, NIC Lahore, USAID, DELL, Second Cup, Telenor, Alokozay Group, Sandoz Pharmaceutical etc.  Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
We're now live with Mr. Zeeshan Haider, Head of School of Management, Dr Saif Maqbool,  Mr. Agha Mureed and Mr. Mughees Ismail, Faculty Member Computing Department
Respected Parents, join us in our live session today with FAST School of management and share your questions and queries with us. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

 Write down all your admission related question and queries and the Faculty of FAST School of Management will answer all your questions. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Join Computer Science Department of FAST-NU Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus and open the doors of countless possibilities for a bright future.  Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
FAST-NU CFD Campus has provided 45 Million PKR worth of Financial Assistance to students till date. Join the FAST Family and start working for a better future. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Faculty of FAST-NU CFD Campus' Computer Science Department will be going live on 1st July, 2020 on Facebook at 8:00 PM! Write down all your admission related question and queries and the Faculty of Computer Science Department of FAST-NU CFD Campus will answer all your questions. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
We're now live with Dr. Aftab Maroof, Campus Director of FAST-NU, Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus, Dr. Guffan Khan, Head of Electrical Engineering Department, along with Dr. Adil Zulfiqar, Dr. Muhammad Sohaib Khalid, Dr. Arslan Ahmed Amin and Engr. Waqar Baig, faculty members of FAST-NU, CFD Campus' Electrical Engineering Department,
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
No Admission Fee, No Entry Test for BBA! Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply before 30th July, 2020 for FAST-NU Chiniot Fasisalabad Campus! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

Students from the Pre-Medical Stream can also apply for BS(Computer Science) and BS(Software Engineering). Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus is now live on Instagram. Follow @fast.cfd.official for updates regarding FAST Admissions 2020 and campus life. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
We have been getting a lot of queries regarding FAST Admission 2020. Here are 11 things that you need to know when you start applying for FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences. Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Take your first steps towards success! Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now! To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
We offer four specialization options in BS(EE) program. - Power Engineering  - Electronic Engineering  - Computer Engineering  - Telecom Engineering
A bright future awaits! Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now and take your first steps towards success. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/


Admissions at FAST - National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences are now open. Apply now and take your first step on the ladder of success. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/


Let the art spread its flair, the techie soar high, the literature unravel the world, the business intellect amaze, and the sportsman spirit rejuvenate at Daira 2020! Join us for an exhilarating ride from March 27th to March 29th! Register now at http://register.daira.pk/
Dr Muhammad Gufran, HoD Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU CFD campus was invited as guest speaker to deliver a talk on "Artificial Intelligence and Data Science" on March 4, 2020 at ICMA Pakistan, Faisalabad campus. The event was attended by ICMA professionals and students.
We are pleased to share that Dr. Aftab Ahmad Maroof, Director FAST NUCES CFD, along with the faculty CFD Campus and President OSAF greeted Mr. Nauman, treasurer FAST Alumni Association North America (FAANA) at the Campus today.  The meeting was held to discuss the ideas that may cater to creating a bridge to facilitate the academia and industry linkage. Mr. Nauman also shared his views on the Final year project collaboration and how it can help the students secure a successful future through the various opportunities it will provide.
First IEEE Faisalabad Sub-section Excom meeting held today at GC University Faisalabad
Congratulations FAST faculty, staff and BS (Electrical Engineering) students on this great achievement!! 🎉
We Congratulate Dr Muhammad Gufran Khan(Branch Counselor IEEE NUCES Chiniot-Faisalabad and Senior member of IEEE) on becoming the Chairperson of IEEE Faisalabad... subsection. We hope that Dr. Gufran will do an excellent work for this society. And IEEE Faisalabad Sub-Section will work for the region, country and humanity under his mentorship.

Spring 2020 Admissions are open for MS Programs at Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus: - MS Computer Science - MS Electrical Engineering

Spring 2020 Admissions are open for MS Programs at Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus:  - MS Computer Science - MS Electrical Engineering
Spring 2020 Admissions are open for MS Programs at Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus - MS Computer Science - MS Electrical Engineering


Day one concluded with Guests, judges and mentors on board, team pitches, 12 ideas selected to be worked on for next 48 hours, press and media coverage made sure we got our message to the maximum brilliant minds out there. Sir Wali Zahid CEO SkillCity  and Mr FARHAN BARI CEO WEBSOL graced the initial idea pitching as Judges. Participants from University of Central Punjab Fsd Campus, University of Agriculture Faisalabad amd GC university participated along with their Faculty members. Techstars Startup Weekend Faisalabad in Partnership with Google for Startups #StartupWeekend #Faisalabad #Startups #Ideas #Entrepreneurs #SWFsd #TechStars #GoogleForStartups #FAST #CoDomain #Idea #Business





 His current focus is on teaching web, mobile, AI and Blockchain, Cloud Native, Internet of Things application development to the youth of Pakistan. To transfer the more than twenty years of experience in software architecture, design, development, implementation, and integration. Register yourself at:  https://tinyurl.com/SmartFast-19
IEEE NUCES CFD is here with an opportunity for you to enlighten your skills with a workshop on Raspberry Pi. Register yourself at:  https://tinyurl.com/SmartFast-19
 To meet him and take his exclusive session register yourself in SmartFast'19.  Register yourself at:  https://tinyurl.com/SmartFast-19
 Dr. Wajahat M. Qazi is working as Assistant Profes...sor at COMSATS Institute of Information Technology, Lahore and heading “Intelligent Machines and Robotics” research group.  His areas of research are Quantum Cognitive Computing and Machine Consciousness.  Currently, he is developing a quantum and bio-inspired software framework for the implementation of systems (agents/robots) which possess a certain level of consciousness.  Within the area of machine consciousness and robotics he has contributed in the development of following artifacts: QuBIC (A cognitive architecture), quantum computing framework, quantum neural computing framework and unified theory of artificial mind. Register yourself at:  https://tinyurl.com/SmartFast-19

 IEEE FAST NUCES CFD Student Branch is here with a great Technology Festival in Fasisalabad, which is SmartFast'19. ~Workshops includes: 1. Raspberry Pi 2. Aurdino and Robotics 3. Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs) ~Talks inculdes: 1. Applications and Impliciations of AI 2. Industry 4.0 and IoT 3. Motivational Talk For registration: https://tinyurl.com/SmartFast-19
Director FAST-NUCES Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus, Dr. Aftab Maroof, congratulates the Web Development Team on the successful completion of the campus’s official website. Mr. Mughees Ismail, the Team Mentor along with his team members Haidar Ali, Safi Ullah, Fahad Yousaf, Rameesha Basit, and Zohaa Tahir had put in their tremendous efforts in creating the outstanding package for the campus.


All set for today? Here’s the schedule for Alumni Homecoming’19! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Have you got your hands on the tickets yet? Join us as we celebrate the past tomorrow at CFD!  Register now at: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Hi Alumni, We hope you’re all set for tomorrow. Team Alumni Homecoming is looking forward to seeing you all home! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Are you ready to drill at game pace? Get ready for the most awaited match being played at FAST-CFD tomorrow! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Dear Alumni, Mr. Rizwan ul Haq welcomes you all to cherish your FAST CFD memories at the Alumni Homecoming'19. For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6 #FASTAlumniHomecoming19 #OurAlumniOurPride #CFDfamily
Mr. Mughees Ismail, President OSAF, takes a trip down the memory lane and reflects on his favorite memory of FAST. He invites you all to come back home and reminisce about old times! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Adnan Ahmad, our alumnus from Batch’12, shares his fondest memory of FAST. Join us on November 16th and reconnect with your friends and former lecturers! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
The student turned teacher, Mr. Uzair Tahir interviews Mr. Usman Ghous and both reminisce about their time at FAST Chiniot Faisalabad Campus just before the Alumni Homecoming’19!
Head back to CFD campus for a fun-filled Homecoming. Today is the last day for early bird registration. Hurry up! Don’t wait up, register now at: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
The acclaimed poet, Anwar Masood, will take you to another realm of comic poetry! Join us on November 16th and have some fun! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Hi Alumni,  Dr. Shahzad Sarfraz, Head, FAST School of Computer Sciences is looking forward to listening to you success stories at the Alumni Homecoming’19!  See you all on the 16th of November! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Renowned poet and writer, Anwar Masood, will be joining us at Alumni Homecoming’19 to enthral the audience with his humorous poetry! Don’t wait up! CFD awaits you! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Have you bought your tickets yet? The hand on the clock are moving way too fast! Just 3 days to go! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Ms. Sidra Mushtaq reminisces about little episodes of FAST and invites you all to Alumni Homecoming’19! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6
Hi Alumni, Mr. Mughees Ismail and Mr. Usman Ghous, our alumni from Batch’12, invite you all to the Alumni Homecoming’19. Join us to reflect on memories and spend a day together just like it used to be! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6


Dear Alumni, Dr. Aftab Maroof, Director FAST NUCES Chiniot Faisalabad Campus welcomes you all to the Alumni Homecoming'19! Join us to exchange memories, and your success stories on November 16th! For details, please visit: http://cfd.nu.edu.pk/home-coming/

Are you ready to see open skies of the CFD campus resonate with beats of electronic music?  Join us on November, 16th and witness a DJ Night action-packed with fun! For registration, please visit: https://forms.gle/acMfs5GXTNmnQxDc6

Immerse yourself in an ideal environment for startup magic to happen! Join us to take giant leaps toward creating a business, becoming a founder, and connecting with right people. For registration, please visit:  https://tinyurl.com/Startup-Weekend-Faisalabad For more information, please visit: http://communities.techstars.com/…/fa…/startup-weekend/13807







Hi Alumni, Ms. Munaza Akhter is looking forward to listening to your stories outside FAST CFD! Join us on November, 16th and have the time of your lives!  For details, please visit: http://cfd.nu.edu.pk/home-coming/







The individuals who believed that new is just the norm now and opened their doors to success. We hope to see you all at the alumni homecoming’19! For details, please visit: http://cfd.nu.edu.pk/home-coming/


Where it all started, Batch-12, the pioneers and the most favourite of everyone at CFD campus. Hope to see you all at Alumni Homecoming’19! For details, please visit: http://cfd.nu.edu.pk/home-coming/


The person behind a wide range of eating options at dhabba, the life saver when you’re late for morning lectures, or when you want to have late night chai sessions with your squad. Our very own Saleem dhabbay wala has a special message for the alumni of CFD Campus! For more details, visit: http://cfd.nu.edu.pk/home-coming/


Dear Alumni,  Mr. Amir Zahoor, faculty member FAST School of Electrical Engineering is inviting you all to be there with us at alumni Homecoming and share with us what’s new! Let’s see what he has to say For more details, visit: http://cfd.nu.edu.pk/home-coming/


Hi Alumni, Mr. Zeeshan Haider, Head, FAST school of management is inviting you all to relive a day at FAST and make new memories!  Let’s see what he has to say For details please visit: http://cfd.nu.edu.pk/home-coming/




Never be afraid to fight for what you believe in! We all know that Climate change is a proven fact. As individuals, we can play our part by implementing small sustainable actions within our community.
Food waste is a huge issue from the climate perspective as well as humanity, which is often overlooked. We need to stop wasting food and change our consumption patterns to combat climate change.




The Three R’s of sustainability are the cornerstone of reducing your impact on the environment. Incorporate these principles in your daily life, and leave a thriving planet for your future generation.

Plant a tree, plant hope and make the world kin!

We know climate change is happening, but this catastrophe can be averted. There are multiple things that we, as an individual, can do to help mitigate it. Let’s join our hands together to work for this cause!
Human activities are thrusting greenhouse gases into the atmosphere which is warming Earth’s surface more quickly. If the rise in temperature hits 1.5 degrees, then we will see the worst projected effects of climate change!
Oceans have tempered the effect of climate change as a result of human activities. #naturenow #whatyoudocounts Source:... https://www.globalchange.gov/…/indica…/global-sea-level-rise
The plastics bags we use are choking the seas and the oceans. Wildlife becomes the victim of these plastic bags when they become entangled in it.

Our planet is experiencing record-breaking warming, July 2019 was the warmest month on the record for Earth-a mark of how much the world has warmed because of human activities!
Human activity is leading to the rapid reduction of plant and animal populations! #naturenow #whatyoudocounts Source: https://www.huffpost.com/…/un-environment-programme-_n_6845…


From floods to fires to water scarcity, climate change has wreaked havoc on people’s health and livelihoods around the globe. It's high time we shun the passivity and take an active part in climate advocacy because we are equipped with the most effective tool to alleviate and adapt to it! Be a part of our climate awareness campaign ‘Nature Now’ and play your part because what you do counts!
Our Proud Alumni of Batch 14 BS Electrical Engineering, NUCES CFD Campus!
Join us on October, 16th 2019 to listen to the tumultuous migration stories of 1947!


 🎙Narrateurs: Greta Thunberg & George Monbiot 🎬Réalisateur : Tom Mustill  🔋Production : Triangle Monday 🎥Chef Opérateur & Monteur : Fergus Dingle  🎤Son: Shaman Media 🛸GFX: Paraic Mcgloughlin  📱Online: Bram De Jonghe 📸Photo de post : Special Treats Productions 🎚Mix : Mcasso Music  🎧Audio Post : Tom Martin 💡NCS Guidance : Charlie Lat 🎼Musique : Rone (InFiné music) The Independent film by Gripping Films(Tom Mustill) was supported by: Conservation International Food and Land Use Coalition Gower St With guidance from Nature4Climate Natural Climate Solutions www.grippingfilms.com  #naturenow

FAST Design Studio has arranged a series of workshops that includes a five-week UI/UX Designing workshop along with a Graphic Designing workshop for campus students, with certification. This industry-focused course equips students with the in-demand skills they need to advance their careers.

FAST-CFD Campus along with the whole nation will observe Kashmir Hour (@12:00pm) tomorrow to express solidarity with the oppressed people of Indian Occupied Jammu and Kashmir. All students along with staff and Faculty members will be joining hands to make the Kashmir Rally in campus successful. Gathering will be initiated in FSM building tomorrow 30 Aug, 2019 Friday at 12:00 Noon.



Welcoming the Batch of 2019 tomorrow at FAST CFD campus!




Attention: Campus will be open on Saturday July 27, 2019. The candidates may visit the campus to complete admission formalities.

Please note the following things that you need to do for admission procedures if you're selected. For further information or queries, please call 041-111-128-128.
Dr. Aftab Ahmad Maroof, Director of Chiniot-Faisalabad campus, and Dr. Shahzad Sarfraz, HoD Computer Science, greeted and extended felicitations to the newly appointed vice-chancellor, Prof Dr. Rubina of Govt College Women University, Faisalabad. A meeting was held as a gesture of goodwill. This meeting served to bridge the gap between the academic institutes of the region.
Visit http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/AdmissionResult/ to check your admission result! For questions and queries contact us 041-111 128 128 or visit the campus


 Download sample test at: http://nu.edu.pk/Admissions/TestPattren
Let's hear it from our alumnus, Hamza Mirza about his time at FAST Faisalabad campus. I'm Hamza Mirza and i belong from BBA’12 FAST School of Management FSD Campus. I am currently doing my Masters in ‘International Marketing’ from University of Houston, Texas, USA. When i joined FAST in 2012, at that time i had a lack of confidence and was unable to stand in-front of class for presentations but with the passage of time, teachers encouraged me a lot to speak, selling products ...in market, dealing with tough customers, doing heavy projects which built my confidence  and polished my skills and abilities. Alhamdulillah! Today whatever i am, is just because of FAST. I got the best teachers in Faculty for the marketing who supported me not as a student but as a Family.  FAST has been a guiding light in my life; it enabled me to stand out in the crowd and shine at the best. This has helped me in my professional life as a Marketing Specialist. I'm privileged to be a part of the FAST legacy.
Currently, Ahmad is working as a Business Analyst (IoT and Industry 4.0) at US based MNC where He deals in making CXO level presentations for worlds biggest telecom groups and along with that He is carrying out  branding and marketing of various companies. Prior to that he has completed consultancy project with UK based business and ENACTUS. The amazing faculty didn't only teach me about the academics but also added a lot to my personal skill set which enabled me to stand out proudly in the crowd.”

Lets take a look at some of the FAQs that we are receiving regarding MBA. Feel free to contact us for more information. The last date to apply for MBA is July 12th, 2019. Apply now at admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/.
The door to success opens from here. The last date to apply for MBA is July 12th, 2019.
At FAST CFD Campus we have the top-notch faculty and facilities to equip you for a better future!
 I am Zain Farooq and I belong from BBA Batch 13 Fast School of Management FSD Campus. It's not just a campus, it's a family. The best thing about FAST family is, they are very friendly, helpful and supportive. What I'm today is just because of this very institute. Fast has the best learning environment. Fast gives plenty of opportunities &amp; platform to the students to reshape their inner... skills. Fast gave me full confidence and a clear path to achieve my goals. Fast provides a professional platform for their students to gain experience and groom themselves according to the market need. I want to say Thank you to the faculty of Fast School of Management which plays an important role in grooming myself. They always available to help me and guide me in every aspect. Teachers are so friendly, cooperative and energetic. Right after my graduation, I have been hired as a GTO (Graduate Trainee Officer) in a well-known Multinational telecommunication organization (China Mobile Pakistan) which is called Zong-4G in Pakistan and after one year Zong-4G hired me as a permanent employee in the company and now currently working on a position of Regional Senior Officer Sales Operations in Sales & Distribution Department. Thank You FAST
Lets hear it from our MS Electrical Engineering alumnus Mr. Khalid Hussain about his experience at FAST Faisalabad campus. I Khalid Hussain currently doing PhD from Universiti Putra Malaysia (UPM), Malaysia on fully funded Scholarship by the Higher Education Commission (HEC) of Pakistan. I did Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from FAST National University Chiniot Faisalabad Campus. FAST National University is one of the emerging institute in Pakistan which enables ...the students to solve the real world problems with the sound scientific and technological skills in the domain of computer science, engineering and management sciences. FAST considers the latest trends and upcoming challenges of IT while teaching students. Overall the environment for student at the university is supportive and learning. The University has lot of resources for the grooming of students including co-curriculum activities and extracurricular activities.
 Fast has been a roller coaster ride for me, it makes sure every student is properly grilled and crushed so that they can stand on international grounds. It is one of the life changing place for me apart from all the learnings, this institution made me strong enough to work well under resilient pressure. Undoubtedly, FAST has got one of the best faculty, they always appreciated me and ma...de me to think out of the box. My only reason to join Fast in 2013 was to get a business degree, but fast has given me more than that it has developed me as a strong independent person. I still remember my First presentation where I was stammering and somewhere in the corner of my mind was thinking ‘I can’t do this for the next four years for just a piece of paper (The Degree)’. But I never knew that those class presentations will make me so much confident that today I can speak to the Finance Directors of UK daily on behalf of Bank of England. Fast has opened so many doors for me although it’s a huge learning path but worth the journey.
New Deadline for MBA: 12th July  Deadline for all other programs: 9th July
The admission deadline has been extended till July 9th, 2019 for BS Computer Science, BS Electrical Engineering, BS Software Engineering and BBA. For MBA, the deadline is July 12th, 2019.
 I have done my BBA from FAST. I am currently working as "Assistant Director for R&D at Engro Corp". I turned my FYP "Building Competitive Edge using RFID" into a practical business idea with the help of a very close friend. I did what I loved, and swore to make it the sole source of my identity. Today our startup "RFID Technology" is known for flawless services in RFID industry. Though... we might be small at this time, but we have managed to capture multimillion clients and are growing continuously. My fascination for RFID also landed me a seat as the "Assistant Director for R&D at Engro Corp" something that I never dreamed of in my life. I also turned my love for events, marketing and strategy into "Wildfire Concepts Pvt Ltd". A Full 360 Degree Creative agency that is dedicated to making businesses grow. With a diverse BOD Wildfire is serving businesses both nationally and internationally. My upcoming adventures include, "I/O inter active", a game development studio in Collaboration with EA:Electronic Arts. And "Givni" a Non-Profit Organization in Collaboration with Red Cross that will be dedicated in serving the disaster struck victims.One thing that I have learned in life, is that to never give up. Despite the failures, despite of how low everyone thinks about you, you should always keep moving. It’s a long road ahead.  I have no idea where it will take me but it sure is leading somewhere. You see one must keep growing. Never settle for less.
 FAST is an institution that gives you an experience of a lifetime. The learning here goes far beyond the academics only. You get the right blend of exposure, aptitude and confidence to become a thorough professional. They make you work hard to make a mark for yourself and then, there is the famous "Grind" that FAST gives to its students. Let me assure you, this grind is what'll bring you laurels in the future. So, as they all say, It's a long road, but it’s worth it. The EE Department is equipped with the best infrastructure and facilities along with talented faculty. All one needs are the will tolearn and you'll turn out to be one fine engineer! I am currently working as Wireless Engineer at Huawei.

Let's hear it from Roger Nazir about his experience at FAST Faisalabad campus. I completed my under-graduation in Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences Faisalabad Campus. Currently I have been studying Master’s in Software Engineering at Blekinge Institute of Technology, Sweden in my third semester.   Fast University played a vital role to help me in achieving my dreams and they also assessed me boosting up my progr...amming and presentation skills. During my Bachelor’s Degree program, I developed numerous software projects, few were rated high and I represented my Final Year Project named “Customer Analyzer” in mega competitions like Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 in World Citizenship Category. I won Microsoft Imagine Cup nationally in World Citizenship Category Competition among 13 cities and 43 universities in Pakistan and even my name is listed on Microsoft Blog which was proud moment for my university and specially my teachers who taught me so well.   I presented the same project in Startup Cup 2016 and was included in a top 12 in the Startup Cup 2016 from among 950 competitors. This event was held in the Marriot, Islamabad.  I came to Sweden in August, 2018 and during my studies, I applied for jobs and within one month three big companies offered me a job which was a great achievement for me. I selected one company who accepted me as a Team Leader in their company. Currently, I’m working as a Development Specialist at Skyes Sweden AB. Sykes is an American based company which is located in 21 countries worldwide and have thousands of employees.  I’m climbing up to achieve my dreams which was not fortunate, it’s all because I have taught so well from Fast University teachers. Fast University is a platform for those who want to achieve their dreams and have aim to do something especially in the field of computer science. I think Fast graduates are different from others because of their skills which they learned from highly educated teachers. My success journey is not small, but it was a long way to reach at the destination. I’m still struggling to make my university more proud and especially my beloved country Pakistan.  I have much to say but my achievements are enough to reflect every aspect of my journey.  Everything is possible if you have high ambition to do it.  Thanks to God, Parents, Fast University teachers and administration for your support and guidance.
Let's hear from Hamza Rabbani about his experience at FAST Faisalabad Campus. I am currently working as Senior Information Security Consultant at Catalyic Security, Lahore.  FAST has been a guiding light in my life; it enabled me to stand out in the crowd and shine at the best if my abilities. Staying focused under pressure and stress management is one of the best things I’ve learned at FAST. This has helped me in my professional life as a senior manager when I have to overlook multiple teams and projects simultaneously. FAST polished my skills as a developer, leader, manager and a trainer. I'm privileged to be a part of the FAST legacy.



 My journey of 4 years at FAST was full of successes. I was not only trained here technically but also my leadership skills were developed. No doubt, this training of 4 years was tough, but it had made us battle-hardened for dealing with the challenges of our professional life. I found all faculty members here experts in their respective subjects and very supportive in general. During my under...grad, I secured a highly competitive scholarship “Global UGRAD-Pakistan” and visited U.S as an Exchange Student. I was certified from U.S Department of States and Alcorn State University. After my graduation, I was offered a position at Bentley Systems (Pvt.) Ltd and currently, I am working here as “Software Engineer l”. Along with my professional work, I also do community development projects by leading the teams of volunteers. I consider all my achievements are due to the quality training in this institute.
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open.  To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 I, Talha Javed, working as Assistant Manager in Organizational Development & Communication Department (HR) at Crescent Textile Mills, Faisalabad. “A smooth sea never makes a skilled sailor” That’s what I learned when I started my journey at FAST-NUCES. I would say FAST provided me the opportunity to become a better person in every aspect. My mentors shaped me to compete with the ...ever-changing needs of the modern world. In FAST I experienced the true essence of friendship and made a lot of friends. I made lifetime memories, organized a variety of events, and experienced diversity. All in all, I would say all of this was possible because of the platform which was provided to me by my parents. Thank you,  everyone, for making this possible especially my mother.

 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/



Visiting Google development campus at Kirkland, Seattle, WA. Mr Rehan, an Alumni of Fast Lahore, from batch 1994. He is the founding president of FAANA,  he arrived at Seattle in year 2000. He worked in many organizations. He is a senior technical manager at Google currently.
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 After Intermediate, I picked FAST for CS. I was not sure at that time about how it’s going to be but now after 6 years, I think choosing FAST was one of the best decisions of my life. My 4 years at FAST were amazing in every aspect from knowledge to exploring; FAST taught me so much. After my graduation, I went to US and I am currently  serving Visionet Systems as a Software Engineer. I always cherish the time I spent at FAST.
We're now live with faculty of FAST School of Management


FAST Faisalabad campus provides Financial Aid to students to help them continue their studies and achieve their dreams. For more information, get in touch with at 041-111128128 or inbox us now. Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Congratulations to Dr-Khubaib Amjad Alam , Assistant Professor (Computer Science) NUCES Chniot-Faisalabad Campus and  Syed Manzar Abbas MS (CS) student at CFD C...ampus on getting their paper titled “Exploiting Relevant Context with Soft-Rough Sets in Context-Aware Video Recommender Systems” published in 28th International Conference on Fuzzy Systems by IEEE in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. IEEE-FUZZ is one of the top conferences in the area with the acceptance rate of less than 14%. Under the Faculty International Conference Grant Scheme of NUCES-ORIC, the university provides complete travel grant to its faculty members publishing in top-ranked conferences.
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

Admissions at FAST - National University CFD Campus are now open!
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
We’re now live with the faculty of FAST School of Computing! Comment to get all your questions answered live from our HoD and faculty.
Going live with the Computer Science faculty of FAST Faisalabad campus in 5 minutes! Join us and get your queries answered.

 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/



FAST Faisalabad campus provides transport facility for students in all the major areas of Chiniot and Faisalabad. For more information, get in touch with at 041-111128128 or inbox us now. Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
The eligibility criteria for Master in Business Administration is following. For more information, get in touch with at 041-111128128 or inbox us now. Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

Learning never stops. Continue your advance learning at FAST Faisalabad campus. We're now offering 2 year MBA Program as well. Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

University and campus life plays an important role in shaping an individual's personality. At FAST we ensure that we give our students an environment which aids their learning and teaches them life skills too To become a part of this campus experience and FAST Legacy visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
FAST Faisalabad campus provides hostel facility for its students. For more information, get in touch with at 041-111128128 or inbox us now. Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
FAST is a place that will change your life and prepare you for the future. Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
The eligibility criteria for our undergraduate programs is following. For more information, get in touch with at 041-111128128 or inbox us now. Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
With the addition of our new program, BS Software Engineering, Faisalabad campus is currently offering the following 6 degree programs. Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/


 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
Admissions at FAST - National University are now open. To apply visit: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/
 There will be an open mic session tomorrow (May 8, 2019) in the auditorium, conducted by Dr. Aftab Maroof and he will be on stage to listen and answer all your queries, questions and feedback.  All students are welcomed and requested to join this session and come forward with any questions that are in your mind related to the campus, education system or any other matter. Don’t miss out on having this one on one session with The Director, himself. 




"To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow."  Here at FAST CFD, spring refreshed us with true colours of happiness and breathed a new life into the CFD Campus!




A one-day training workshop on “Design & Development of Curriculum and it’s Assessment Techniques” was held at FAST-NUCES CFD campus on March 14th, 2019. The workshop was organized with the collaboration with the Higher Education Commission(HEC).   Dr. Muhammad Idress, Director Academics at Higher Education Commission, was the resource person of the workshop. He shared his vision of Curriculum development process and some eye-opening statistics. The meeting observed that educational technologist must bridge the gap between the students and the teaching staff.  Dr. Aftab Ahmad Maroof, Director FAST-National University Chiniot-Faisalabad campus, presided over the workshop which was also attended by faculty members.
Roadside Grill is offering a flat 10% discount exclusively for our students and alumni

Are you someone who consider themselves to have a creative flair? Or perhaps you are a tech wizard? Do you wish to bring your sportsman spirit to life?  Daira’19 is offering a myriad of different events and socials! Channel your passion and enthusiasm by being part of Daira’19 family! Register now at: www.daira.pk
Presenting you the opening ceremony of Daira’19!  FAST-CFD stepped foot into another forthcoming journey of passion, and creativity. Join us to rekindle your Olympic spirit and have an exciting experience from March 1st to March 3rd, 2019!  Daira - Olympiad at FAST Faisalabad

 So what are you waiting for?  Get yourself registered and submit your fee at the registration desk in the Cafeteria as there are only limited seats available. Note: This is exclusively for FAST-CFD students. #zedaignermovement #FDS

IEEE Lahore Section Golden Jubilee Celebrations Ceremony & Annual General Meeting 2018 was held on Saturday 12th January, 2019.  Dr. Muhammad Gufran Khan, Associate Professor & Head of Electrical Engineering department, FAST NUCES Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus, was awarded IEEE Outstanding Volunteer Award for years of dedicated volunteer services to the IEEE Lahore Section.
We are back in action! Fasten your seatbelts and get ready to take the most amazing ride of your life with us! Stay tuned for more updates. Daira - Olympiad at FAST Faisalabad
FAST-NU wishes you all a year fully loaded with happiness!  Look ahead, and embark on the road to success! Happy 2019!
FAST-CFD pays tribute to the founding father of Pakistan, Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah, on his 142nd birthday and pledge to uphold and pursue his ideology for an egalitarian Pakistan.

The most awaited FPL-CFD Campus Finale between The Invincibles and The Ravens was played on Wednesday, 12th of December, where the prestigious faculty showed-up to appreciate the sportsman spirit of the boys.  The action-packed league rolled off its sublime expansion, making Ravens the trophy-holders.  Both of the teams gave out all they had to stand-out.  Congratulations to the Ravens for silencing the crowd and Best of Luck for the Invincibles in the next season.
In a gesture of goodwill, FAST Silent Steps society organized a short visit to Government School 96 JB to spread kindness and compassion.  Motivated by the spirit of altruism, the society served the children by providing them with complete sets of uniforms, and shoes for both boys and girls. We hope to stick with the fervor of generosity to help others.   The occasion was graced by the presence of the Director of FAST-NU CFD campus, Dr. Aftab Maroof, along with the respected faculty members Mr. Amir Zahoor, Mr. Habib Ullah Wattoo, and Mr. Usman Ghous.
Thank You #FAST Faisalbad. Thank you to the entire team and faculty there. And thank you Bilal Maan for asking tough questions. Bilal Pakistan is our Motherland. Anybody who tries to defame it is our enemy. Simple. 
On 13th December 2018 a prize distribution ceremony was held in FAST CFD Campus to honor the students for their excellent performances in sports.  Dr.Aftab Ahmed Maroof, the Director of FAST CFD Campus graced the event with his presence and appreciated the teams by awarding them with certificates and medals.  Prizes were also distributed amongst the participants of Women Empowerment Week activities.





IoT workshop was held at FAST-NUCES CFD campus on November, 26th under the supervision of Dr. Muhammad Ghufran and Dr. Rana Asif with the collaboration of IEEE-WIE and IoT Geeks Club. The workshop gave an overview of how the internet of things is playing a pivotal role in reshaping our daily lives with computing devices embedded in everyday objects.  The workshop proved to be very successful, with 150+ participants, where students were acquainted with technological development. A panel discussion, moderated by Dr. Rana Asif, was held later in the workshop.
Want to ace GRE and GMAT? Want to polish your mathematics skills and learn smart techniques? Need some help preparing for Verbal and Quantitative reasoning section? We’re here to help you power up your prep! Don’t miss this incredible opportunity to learn the best tricks and tips to excel in your test!

IEEE SB, WIE and IoT Geeks Club of FAST are organizing an IoT Workshop. We are pleased to invite you to attend the workshop. Date: Monday 26th November 2018 Venue: Main Auditorium, FAST NUCES, CFD campus Time: 09:00 AM to 05:00 PM
Just because something is difficult doesn't mean you shouldn't try it just means you should try harder. Sophomore kids with no background robotics knowledge compete in the 1st edition of the 'Elementary Robotics competition' conducted by the IEEE robotics club.

FAST Design Studio successfully organized the Graphic Designing workshop. A prize distribution ceremony was held to felicitate the position holders and the participants of the Graphic Designing competition.  We would like to congratulate Faisal Rehman, who with his exceptional work, secured the first position.  Certificates were distributed among all the participants.
Director of FAST National University,  Chiniot-Faisalabad campus, Dr. Aftab Maroof called on Vice Chancellor of GC University Faisalabad, Dr. Muhammad Ali Shah. He congratulated Dr. Shah for having been appointed as Vice Chancellor of the Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad. He thanked Dr. Shah for his active role in the common objective of both the sister universities, to enlighten the region through the dissemination of higher education. Mr. Arif Khattak, Head of Department Sciences & Humanities, Dr. Shahzad Sarfraz, and Mr. Amir Zahoor were also present in the meeting.
FAST Design Studio arranged a 5-week Graphic Designing Workshop for its students. A total of forty students registered and actively participated in the workshop. The objective of the workshop was to familiarize the students with the basics of graphic designing and broaden their skill set to create effective graphic designs in the future. On the last day of the workshop, a poster designing competition was held, in which the participants were asked to design posters on the topi...c ’Global Warming' in 3 hours, by implementing what they had learned in the workshop.  o Ms.Azka Hafeez The workshop was a success not only for the students but for the team who organized it. We would like to acknowledge the mentor, Mr. Mughees Ismail and the instructors of this workshop, Mr.Haider Ali and Mr.Junaid Ikhlaq, for their tremendous efforts.
The ’Poet of the East’, Allama Muhammad Iqbal, the distinguished philosopher of the subcontinent and the conceiver of the idea of Pakistan. Iqbal infused spirit into the Muslims through his poetry to urge them to make the struggle which led to the creation of an independent Pakistan.  Let's all devote this day to commemorate the contribution of Allama Muhammad Iqbal for the Muslims of the subcontinent. Remembering Iqbal!

FAST CFD Campus will celebrate Iqbal Day tomorrow and pay homage to our national poet Allama Muhammad Iqbal. The event aims to project the messages and thoughts of Iqbal that has a significant contribution towards the creation of Pakistan and the development of an Islamic society. Mr Muhammad Bashir Herl will join us as the chief guest of the event along our honorable guests Dr Aftaab Maroof and Mr Arif Khattak.  We hope to see you all there.

Due to the current prevailing law and order situation and possible traffic congestion, no classes will be held tomorrow (1 November, 2018), transportation will not operate either. However, the campus will remain open.  Please stay tuned for further updates.


Stuff your eyes with wonder, live as if you’d drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It’s more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories.


57th convocation of Fast NU
 Dear Student, CFD campus is organizing its 3rd Convocation on Saturday, October 27, 2018 at CFD campus. https://goo.gl/forms/N0Bgbwwh5aAB3p472 
Hearts strumming to the nervous beat, eyes nervously darting here and there and mind curiously numb, the freshmen do not have it easy. New place, new people, new teachers and new books, its all scary. Which is why an Orientation Week was arranged at FAST to loosen up their nervous energies. It was their chance to explore the campus life, engage in various activities and make themselves feel at home, because they have not just chosen a prestigious institution, but also a famil...y. Here at FAST, we don't just want you to succeed professionally but we wish to see you reach new heights and above and beyond that we wish that you are happy here. So we let them unleash their superheroes on Superhero Day,took them back to their childhood with School Day  we let them explore their different sides whether it was Halloween or Movie Character Day because we want to let them paint their canvas of life in whatever way they want.

Think passing the CSS is an impossible task? Well, it's not.  Mr. Ahmad Farooq would be delivering an informative lecture on Competitive Examination CSS Don't miss this opportunity!
To ensure a better future for the upcoming generations, a plantation drive was initiated at the Jhang Branch Irrigation Canal by FAST National University Chiniot Faisalabad Campus with the assistance of Green Community, Punjab Forestry Department, Punjab Irrigation Department, Interloop Limited, Faisalabad Reads, and The Gardener's Club Faisalabad. Around 120 students from FAST Faisalabad campus participated in this drive and 400 saplings were planted for a greener Pakistan. ...Many worthy personalities including Superintendent Engineer Mr. Ghulam Murtaza from Punjab Irrigation Department, Senior Forest Officer Ms. Nighat Chugtai from Punjab Forestry Department, President Mr. Hamid Khan from the Gardeners Club, Mr. Fauzal Azeem from Interloop and Mr. Amir Zahoor from Green Community also took part in this plantation drive. Dr. Aftab Maroof (Director FAST-NU CFD) shared his views that planting trees is a charity which will benefit the upcoming generations and he assured that FAST will keep organizing such events to eradicate pollution from its roots.

 ...Ayub Ghauri is a seasoned business leader with over 25 years of experience working with the leading organizations within the IT, Education, Electronic Media, and Fashion industries. A Certified coach by RCS, Australia, Ayub possesses a blend of Marketing, Branding, Business Development, and Entrepreneurship. 

Fast Design Studio is going to arrange a series of  Graphic Designing Workshops with certification for Fast CFD students. These workshops will not only help you in enhancing your creativity but will also act as a first step in advancing your career in Graphic Designing. So what are you waiting for?  Get yourself registered and submit your fee at the registration desk in Cafeteria as there are only limited seats available.
 We are coming to test your startups!



The road that connects the hostel and campus building is now a part of Green Pakistan 100+ saplings planted along its sides on independence day

Dr Aftab Maroof, Director Chiniot - Faisalabad Campus along with Sir Arif Khattak, HoD Humanities and Sciences Dept. Visited the grave of the young genius Arfa Kareem in her village located near our campus. They paid homage to her and remembered her for the goodwill she brought to this region
Flag Hoisting Ceremony today at our campus! - Long Live Pakistan! :) As part of our Green Pakistan Tree Plantation Drive we've planted 600+ saplings, 300 more will be planted by the end of August.

The second merit list for BBA has been uploaded. Log on to our website http://www.nu.edu.pk/ to check your results.
A short tour of FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus, to help you navigate through the campus on your first day.



Meet Mr. Muhammad Nasif! Member of FAST School of Management faculty, guiding the students on the journey of success.
Meet Dr. Munazza Saeed! Highly qualified faculty member of FAST School of Management, helping the students carve their path to success.

Ali Azam Rana, our proud Alumnus is working as .NET Developer at "Northstar IT Solutions"

The Application Submission deadline for FAST-NU CFD Campus is today  - Last chance to apply at http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/  Degree Programs offered: BSCS,MSCS, BBA, MBA, BS A&F, BSEE and MSEE
The Last date of Application Submission for FAST-NU CFD Campus is 20th July - Go to http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ and  Apply now! Degree Programs offered: BSCS,MSCS, BBA, MBA, BS A&F, BSEE and MSEE
If you have not applied yet, you still have a chance.  Be quick and apply at www.nu.edu.pk and be a part of something amazing.
The Application Submission deadline for FAST-NU CFD Campus is 20th July - So log on to http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/ to Apply now! Degree Programs offered: BSCS,MSCS, BBA, MBA, BS A&F, BSEE and MSEE
Mr. Gulfam Haider is an Assistant Professor at FAST School of Management. Apply now at www.nu.edu.pk and get a chance to learn from the highly qualified faculty at FAST School of Management.

Mr. Ammad Aziz is an Assistant Professor at FAST School of Management. Apply now at www.nu.edu.pk and get a chance to learn from the highly qualified faculty at FAST School of Management.

Our honorable Director, Dr. Aftab Maroof kicked off the Tree Plantation Drive, by planting a sapling here at FAST NUCES CFD Campus with a pledge for a greener Pakistan. Under the Green Community campaign, saplings would be planted across the university for a sustainable environment. The programme envisages planting of 2000 plants in 60 days.  We have started with our university, so let's all go green to make our Pakistan clean! #GreenPakistan #ThinkGreen #GreenCommunity
FAST-NU CFD Campus provides transport facility to students.
FAST-NU CFD Campus provides all the necessary facilities to the students staying in hostels.

The doors to success will be opened to those who are bold enough to knock. Apply now at www.nu.edu.pk
Our Campus is open tomorrow, you can visit to get all your queries answered by our admissions team


Need help preparing for FAST's admission test? Here are the topics included in the test and the outline. How to prepare for the test: http://www.nu.edu.pk/Public/Downloads/TestGuide.pdf
You can now submit your fee on backdated challans.

If you have not applied yet, you still have a chance.  Be quick and apply at www.nu.edu.pk and be a part of something amazing.


Our environment is in danger due to drastic climate changes. Unplanned industrialization, deforestation, urban sprawling and emission of carbon have posed detri...mental impacts on our eco system. If we keep on treating our environment this way, a day is likely to come when there would be no life on this planet. Keeping this whole scenario under consideration, we have come up with a plan to make our home livable once again. We at Green Community have decided to make Pakistan green. We have started from our city Faisalabad. Rather it be the parks or the gardens at home, the offices of huge industries or the lawns of universities, we have decided to make Faisalabad green. We plan to plant at least 10,000 plants all over Faisalabad from July 15, 2018 to August 15, 2018. For this idea to become reality, we would like the support of every individual. Become a volunteer and help us achieve this noble cause. To become a volunteer, fill in the google form link given below and become a part of this social campaign. https://goo.gl/forms/lqCyBLNPclznY5Dv1





You can still apply on our website admissions.nu.edu.pk  For queries get in touch with us at 041-111-128-128
We're still taking admission applications. Please apply at your earliest get your challeh printed.

 #admissionsopen #fastcfd






Hamza Rabbani, our proud Alumnus is Information Security Officer at "TXExellence" in Lahore and a Certified Professional Penetration Tester. Apply now at www.nu.edu.pk to be a part of the bandwagon and take the first step to write your own success story!


FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus Admission Office will remain open tomorrow. Visit us tomorrow for your queries and admissions.

Dear Applicants, Please note that you can still apply on our website: admissions.nu.edu.pk



We are here at The News Education Expo 2018 to facilitate you about the online registration and any type of queries.
We're here at The News Education Expo! - Join us to get all your queries answered and meet our faculty and students to know more about our campus!


The News Education Expo is happening tomorrow at Royalton, Faisalabad!  Join us tomorrow and meet the students and faculty of FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus and get all your queries answered.
There is no problem a library can't solve.


We're live with the faculty of FAST Computer Science Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus! Comment to get all your queries answered


FAST is conducting regular session of classes under the auspices of the most inspiring faculty. For details, visit www.nu.edu.pk or call 041-111-128-128
We value education and passion before money. Need based scholarships for students are available.
FAST CFD Campus offers only BBA, BS (A&F), MBA, BS-CS, MS-CS,  BS-EE and MS-EE.  For details visit www.nu.edu.pk
Here comes some help to our applicants about how to apply online without much ado.

Don't forget to join us today at 7 pm. - Live with FAST School of Computing faculty!



A well furnished and spacious architecture lab gives provision to accomplish the complex experiments.  Admission open now: www.nu.edu.pk
Friendships born on the field of Athletic strife are  long lasting.  Apply now at www.nu.edu.pk and relish the extracurricular activities in campus life.


University is not just about the grades. It's about what it feels like to be at a home away from home, it's about preparing yourself for the real world, it's about having a golden period of life, and making the fire to lighten up a candle.  At FAST NUCES CFD Campus, we make sure that you explore yourself, and enjoy your life to the fullest to achieve whatever you want to!




FAST-NU is a place that will change your life and prepare you for the future.  Apply now at www.nu.edu.pk and be a part of something great.
Don't forget to join us today at 7 pm. - Live with FSM faculty!
 Mark the date and don't forget to join us!
In house leagues and different sports tournaments going on through out the year at FAST-NU CFD Campus. Apply now at www.nu.edu.pk and enjoy the amazing campus life.


 Mark the date and don't forget to join us!
FAST is a hub for tech-enthusiasts. Battle your way to one of the top Engineering Institutes of your country. Application for Fall 2018 is open. To apply, please visit our website: www.nu.edu.pk
The breathtaking view of our campus on this raining day!


 Admissions open now: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk
Meet and Greet sessions with our students! Our faculty and student-society's representatives are here to answer all your questions about the campus life so do Join us! 
Open Day in Sargodha kicked-off! We're here in Sargodha till 5 pm - Join us to get all your queries answered and meet the faculty and students!
Our Proud Alumni from Sargodha! Adnan Ahmad - Co-Founder Funlab Studio (Gaming Studio), Co-Founder Binadam Institute of Technical Skills, Junior Lecturer at UMT, MS Fellow at ITU.  FAST-NU CFD Campus has organized an Open Day in Sargodha to answer all your queries about our campus!  So mark the date and meet us on 29th June at Happy time Banquet Hall!
 FAST-NU CFD Campus has organized an Open Day in Sargodha to answer all your queries about our campus!  So mark the date and meet us on 29th June at Happy time Banquet Hall!

 FAST-NU CFD Campus has organized an Open Day in Sargodha to answer all your queries about our campus!  So mark the date and meet us on 29th June at Happy time Banquet Hall!
 FAST-NU CFD Campus has organized an Open Day in Sargodha to answer all your queries about our campus!  So mark the date and meet us on 29th June at Happy time Banquet Hall!
Our faculty of FAST School of Management is here to answer all your queries. Join us at Facebook live session on July 3, 2018.


 FAST-NU CFD Campus has organized an Open Day in Sargodha to answer all your queries about our campus!  So mark the date and meet us on 29th June at Happy time Banquet Hall!
Syed Zeeshan Haider - Head FAST School of Management  Mr. Syed Zeeshan Haider completed MS in Marketing from UET Lahore in 2016. He also holds an MBA Marketing degree from UCP Lahore. His research focuses on advertisement effectiveness and assessment of post purchase behavior in FMCG segments. He has 10 years of diversified experience in industry and academia. Prior to joining FAST NUCES, his last assignment was with Allied Bank of Pakistan as relationships manager (commercial). In addition to this, he also has exposure of working in textile, automobile and real estate sector with different organizations.
Don’t let distances obstruct your academic goals. We are here to ensure feasible and sustainable transport services for all the students!  Our transport facility covers all major stops of Faisalabad!

FAST gives you the opportunity to apply to the various FAST campuses based on your preference. Our preference-wise system allows you to opt for the campus that best suits you!  For details please visit www.nu.edu.pk or call us at 041 111 128 128
 Feel free to visit our campus for admission queries and career-guidance from our experienced faculty
This Business Education programs provides students with the opportunity to obtain an in-depth, comprehensive and complete knowledge to pursue career in Marketing, Management, Economics, Finance and to run successful businesses of their own!
FAST-NU CFD Campus offers BBA, BS(A&F), MBA, BSCS, MSCS, BSEE and MSEE

Situated at the junction of Pakistan’s industrial hub—Faisalabad and the historically rich city of Chiniot in suburbs of River Chenab, the Chiniot - Faisalabad campus is the 5th campus of the university.  FAST-NU CFD Campus offers BBA, BS(A&F), MBA, BSCS, MSCS, BSEE and MSEE 
Degree Programs Offered at FAST-NU CFD Campus: BSCS, MSCS BBA, MBA, BS A&F BSEE. MSEE To apply visit: www.nu.edu.pk

 Degree Programmes at FAST-NU CFD Campus: BBA, BS(A&F), MBA, BS(CS), MS(CS), BS(EE), MS(EE)
To apply please visit:  http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/

 DC: FAST Design Studio | Haidar Ali
Workshop on VR technology was arranged at CFD campus by Japanese company representatives. Students were given information regarding VR and gadgets.

Quality Enhancement Cell of FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus arranged Self Assessment visit for BBA, BS(A&F) and MBA programs. Assessment Team comprises Dr. Mohsin Bashir Asst. Prof and Head Dept of Commerce GC. The University of Faisalabad and Dr. Muhammad Ahmad Ur Rehman Asst. Prof. Dept of Management Sciences. National Textile University Faisalabad visits FAST-NU CFD Campus. Dr. Aftab Maroof Director CFD Campus and Mr. Syed Zeeshan Haider In-Charge FSM welcomed the Assessment Team. Assessment Team evaluated SAR reports as per HEC manual they also took a round of the campus for institutional support and facilities. Assessment Team appreciated the efforts of the QEC and FAST School of Management. Mr. Arif Khattak, In-Charge Sciences, and Humanities presented shields and soveniours to Assessment Team. #FASTCFD
IEEE students arranged seminar on (WIE) Women in Engineering and (WCC) Women as custodians of change.
Team CFD campus won series of trophies and ultimately got the team trophy at Mustival Mirpur University Of Science and Technology (M.U.S.T) Mirpur A.K. Pakistan. Congratulations to all the winners.
Our students make our campus. No doubt the Batch 14 is the lighthouse of our castle. Now, its time to bid them a goodbye and tell them that they'll be missed. #Farewell14 #Masquerades
FAST-CFD campus organized the open house to showcase the skills of their graduating students and to provide a networking platform for students and industry leaders. #FASDCFD #OpenHouse18 #Batch14
Let's cherish the memories of Batch'14,  Electrical Engineering students held a farewell party for the graduating seniors. Let's bade Good Bye together to the graduating batch! #FASTCFD #Farewell #Batch14 #EE
Labour day celebrated at CFD campus. The faculty, staff and students actively participated in a cleaning campaign as a gesture.


The FAST CFD campus arranged a seminar on web development. It provided a great opportunity for the students to improve their technical skills.  #FASTCFD #WebDevelopmentSeminar




FAST-CFD campus always appreciates talent and creativity.  Talented students are always encouraged to take part in different activities.  Congratulations to our all winners who had given an amazing performance at the University of Lahore. #FASTCFD #Winners #UOL
Quality Enhancement Cell of FAST-NU CFD Campus arranged MS/M.Phil review visit for MS (Computer Science) program held on Wednesday, April 18, 2018. Experts Dr. Muhammad Asif, Chairman Department of Computer Science, National Textile University Faisalabad (External) and Dr. Kashif Zafar, HoD Computer Science, FAST-NU Lahore Campus visited FAST-NU Chiniot Faisalabad Campus for self-review of MS (Computer Science) program. Dr. Aftab Ahmad Maroof, Director CFD Campus welcomed the... experts and briefed about the campus progress. Mr. Rizwan Ul Haq, In-Charge CS Department gave a briefing about the progress of the department. Experts also took a round of the campus to view the campus facilities and infrastructure available for faculty and students. Concluding, panel experts admired the efforts of CFD campus to cultivate research graduates. #FASTCFD
Students of FAST School of Management, Batch-15 visited the Production plant of ICI Polyester at Sheikhupura. They visited different departments and they came to know about the production, supply chain, safety standards and other vast business areas. The visit was very informative for the students of Business school.

The FAST CFD campus arranged a seminar on game development. It provided a great opportunity for the students to improve their technical skills within their curriculum.  #FASTCFD #GameDevelopmentSeminar
The FAST CFD campus awarded medals and awards to its outstanding students who displayed distinctive leadership abilities through academia. Congratulations to all position holders.


As Daira’18 ends, it leaves us with memories that are unforgettable and ever vivid. Daira’18 prompted us to step out of the box to unravel the web of mysterious talents and we did it! Team Daira’18 has proven from its immense hard work and dedication that nothing is impossible. Thank you to the management team of Daira’18 for organizing one of the best Olympiad in Pakistan!   We had 2300+ participants from 72 different institutions. Daira’18 team would like to thank each one ...of them who made it memorable and momentous. Congratulations to all winners! 👏For all the teams who didn’t win remember life is not about conquering, it's about fighting well.
Students of FAST School of Management, BBA Batch-14 visited the United snacks OYE-HOYE plant. They learned a lot regarding the different processes of business, the visit was very informative and the students were acquainted about the Management Information System of the plant.


Punjab College Sargodha visit to FAST-NU, CFD campus..
A Faculty training workshop on OBE was held in FAST CFD campus. The workshop was designed to improve the performance of faculty in teaching, research, and administration.  #FacultyTraining #FASTCFD
The best element at FAST CFD  campus is an appreciation of talent and creativity. Talented students are always encouraged to display their specs. The drama society, Dramocrats Society presented their annual drama"Jarey Ki dastaan”, A magnificent performance by our students where they displayed a variety of acting skills along with dancing, mimicry and comedy. #AnnualDrama #FASTCFD
Happy Pakistan Day from FAST CFD campus. May ALLAH Bless Us All With Integrity To Be Proud!  #23March #ResolutionDay #FASTCFD

FAST-CFD campus proud to announce that two of our university students have written a book 'Maazi - The Novel'.  The novel was written in three years by Hasnain Ali NaQsh & Ghazwa Irshad Khan.  The book has been launched by 'Ilm o Irfan Publishers'. Here's the link to the novel, Read & enjoy! https://drive.google.com/…/1oPFksdNkc-dZG9QkHVh97xbKl1…/view... #FASTFSD #MaziNovel

 #DAIRA18 #DairaAtharan #TogetherWeWill
The 52nd FAST convocation ceremony was held in the FAST-CFD campus on Saturday, March 10, 2018. 176 students are in the graduating class of 2017 from all three departments; Computer Science (CS), Fast Scool of Managment (FSM) and Electrical Engineering (EE).  #FASTFSD #Convocation

Daira’18 registrations are finally open! Get yourself registered for the trendiest event of the town! Daira’18 awaits you! To register, visit: www.daira.pk #Daira18 #DairaAtharaan #TogetherWeWill

Put your excellence into action by becoming the ambassador of Daira’18. Don’t wait up! Daira’18 awaits you! Make sure you register for it before 20th March 2018. Registration Link: https://tinyurl.com/yaw4j8b3... #Daira18 #DairaAtharaan #TogetherWeWill



Congratulations to Hashim Shehzad for becoming the President of DAIRA18’ and Wadood Amer for becoming the Senior Vice President of DAIRA18’ Selected by Selection committee and approved by DR. Aftab Maroof






Today the stage has been set for The Great Debate, an amazing & productive session was delivered by Mr. Haider Miraj for the participants!  Don't miss the great debates tomorrow & mark your presence.
Fast maintains its excellence, after the sunset too. Get a closer view of our hostel life, It's hard not to fall in love with this view, isn't it? #FASTCFD  #CampusHostels









There you go, the complete package delivered by FAST CFD campus. An amazing, fun-filled experience, for the visitors and the management team!  We hope to conduct more amazing experiences for you all.  FAST FIESTA'18, Signing off.
The new block of FAST School of Management (FSM) was inaugurated by our respected Director, Mr. Aftab A. Maroof, along with the FSM in-charge, Mr. Zeeshan Haider, Mr. Arif Khattak and the campus faculty.





We're offering free transportation for our participants at FIESTA, our buses would operate on different routes. The routes will be announced soon. Stay tuned for more updates.
Don't have money because it's the end of the month? FAST Fiesta brings a perfect deal for you! Participate in Business Case Simulation, Business Quiz and Video Documentary for FREE, and be a part of this versatile event.
Hola amigos!  Registrations for FAST fiesta are OPEN! So what are you guys waiting for? Hurry up and get yourselves registered for this exciting event.  PS: NOW... you can register for project display and robotics workshop as well. 

The FAST Fiesta'18 team is preparing to plan and execute the best for you all.  Register now, and join us on the 1st of February!



 Registration is FREE! so register now @ https://goo.gl/sCUYSo







Get ready for the upcoming events  #FASTFiesta Registrations are open now! Register yourself at:    https://goo.gl/sCUYSo

Volunteers alert. Volunteers needed for FAST Fiesta 2018 for all activities. Those who are willing may contact student affairs office ...
HEC HAT Test (Higher Education Aptitude Test)  has been announced. This test has validity of two years and it will be used to get admission into MS/ MPhil programs in Pakistani Universities and also future upcoming HEC scholarships abroad in 2018 Last Date to register for it: 31 January, 2018
Kicking off the Spring semester with FAST Fiesta Follow the page for updates!


Something Big is on its way ... Stay tuned for updates... #BigDay #LetsSayWelcom #EventOnItsWay

There will be no classes on 27th and 28th of November 2017, due to the prevailing law and order situation. Faculty members and officers/staff will attend office at their convenience. University transport will not operate on these days. This is issued with the approval of competent authority.
IEEE Student Branch is organizing a seminar on LaTeX. LaTeX is a document preparation system for high-quality typesetting. It is most often used for technical or scientific documents. 





FAST CFD Campus is organizing a one day Continuous Professional Development (CPD) activity in collaboration with PEC.  Please fill the form given in the link below for registration https://goo.gl/forms/osbJpOxvYGKz2jYn2

Media coverage of Jump start event in Fast CFD

ALL STARTUPS & KNOWLEDGE SEEKERS, ACTIVATE! Shepherd's Pie Faisalabad, 2017 is under 3 DAYS away!! 😮😮 #Countdown #3DaysToGo #October #2K17 #ShepherdPie #Faisalabad #Seedstarsworld #Seedstarssummit #Switzerland #10Cities #Entrepreneurship #Startups #Entrepreneurs #International #Local #Investors #Pitches #Keynote #TEDStyle #Shepherd #Investor
ALL STARTUPS & KNOWLEDGE SEEKERS, ACTIVATE! Shepherd's Pie Faisalabad, 2017 is under 3 DAYS away!! 😮😮 #Countdown #3DaysToGo #October #2K17 #ShepherdPie #Faisalabad #Seedstarsworld #Seedstarssummit #Switzerland #10Cities #Entrepreneurship #Startups #Entrepreneurs #International #Local #Investors #Pitches #Keynote #TEDStyle #Shepherd #Investor


Our esteemed #Venue #Partners for #SPFSD17 are FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus.  Situated at the junction of Pakistan’s industrial hub—Faisalabad and the his...torically rich city of Chiniot in suburbs of River Chenab, the Chiniot - Faisalabad campus is the 5th campus of the university. The campus symbolizes the desirable connect between nature and industry and between tradition and modernity. It represents human advancement from agrarian to industrial and technological society.  The campus offers degree programs in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, and Business Administration. To confer academic excellence on its graduates, the campus has scholarly, seasoned, dedicated and professionally stimulated faculty. We are honored to have them on board.  #Faisalabad #October #2K17 #ShepherdPie #Faisalabad #Seedstarsworld #Seedstarssummit #Switzerland #10Cities #Entrepreneurship #Startups #Entrepreneurs #International #Local #Investors #Pitches #Keynote #TEDStyle #Shepherd #Investor #IEEE #FASTNU

ALL STARTUPS & KNOWLEDGE SEEKERS, ACTIVATE! Shepherd's Pie Faisalabad, 2017 is under 1 WEEK away!! 😮😮 Don't miss out. Grab your spot now. #Countdown #1WeekToGo #September #2K17 #ShepherdPie #Faisalabad #Seedstarsworld #Seedstarssummit #Switzerland #10Cities #Entrepreneurship #Startups #Entrepreneurs #International #Local #Investors #Pitches #Keynote #TEDStyle #Shepherd #Investor


Friendly Basketball match between CFD Campus and Beaconhouse A Level Campus Faisalabad was arranged in CFD campus . Students and faculty enjoyed the atmosphere and match
Tree Plantation Continues...... Dr Aftab Maroof (Director CFD Campus) was present with other faculty members and students while planting the trees
Celebrating 5th Anniversary of Fast CFD Campus. Dr Aftab Maroof ( Director CFD Campus) cutting the cake with faculty , Staff and students.


Tree Plantation Starts in CFD campus , 14th September 2017 @3:45pm in New Football Ground
#TCF with 1,441 schools has not only given our country's literacy rate a boost but has also brought attention internationally regarding massive work being done in the country in this regard. Of course more needs to be done still. All proceeds from the play , #HeerRanjha would go to #TCF. Play features the likes of Samina Ahmad , Arshad Mehmood , Sanam Saeed and more. Play your part for a progressive #Pakistan. #16thSept ... #17thSept Venue: Nusrat Fateh Ali Auditorium Tickets are now available at FAST CFD. For Further Details please contact Miss Fazeelat Mazhar & Mr. Mujtaba Ali Awan ( Student Affairs)
Trip to Katas Raj, Kallar Kahar & Khewra Mines was arranged by Fast Adventure Society for the students.
An interactive session was organized with Dr. SAJJAD HUSSAIN CHAUHDARY for students. It was very much informative for the students of CFD campus




Schedule for BSCS Orientation Ceremony for Batch'17






OSAF ID cards for FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus Batch 12 Alumni are now ready & available at campus You can pick them up any time you visit the university from  Mughees Ismail's office







FCAP - FAST Club of App Development and Programming is the society with the geeks and the best programmers!





A glimpse of the visit to schools and academies in Multan by our faculty for Admissions'17







When asked how do our graduates perform in comparison to other campuses, We show them these champs!
 #admissions17 #fastfsd #empowertolead
To apply please visit:  http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/OLAR/



Frequently Asked Questions - If you have more feel free to inbox or comment! :)
Let us help you through the whole Application submission process :)  For more queries feel free to comment below!
 - The campus will remain open till 8 pm. today - The campus is open on Sat & Sun as well  The admissions team will be available to facilitate you and to answer all your queries.  #admissions17 #empowertolead
Our purpose-built, State of the Art campus provides all the best facilities to you #admissions17 #empowertolead #fastfsd

If you have more queries feel free to inbox, comment or call us!  UAN: 041 111 128 128




 #admission17 #empowertolead


We help you realise your dreams!

Our state of the art hostel provide comfortable living to our students!
Want to know more about FAST CFD campus? Tune in to catch our Director and Head of Departments live on radio!
Education beyond all financial barriers!

 #admissions17 #empowertolead #fastfsd
Do you want to pursue Education in these fields?
 #admissions17 #fastfsd #empowertolead





 - M.A(English), Punjab University, Pakistan (2000)... - M.Sc, Quaid-e-Azam University (QAU), Islamabad , Pakistan (1991) Arif Khattak brings along training, research, teaching, and management experience of more than two decades. He has delivered several customized training workshops for wide spectra of audiences, and has been resource person for different sponsored workshops, seminars, and conferences in public and private sectors. He has also worked as a resource person for Higher Education Commission on Professional and Technical Communication, and Pedagogical Skills. He is currently working as Head - School of Sciences & Humanities at FAST National University, CFD Campus. He is also the head of QEC at the same Campus. He recently compiled and authored Academic Rules for FAST National University, Islamabad. Before this, he used to work as an Associate Professor and Director Academics at Iqra University, Islamabad. He has served as Head of Department, Sciences & Humanities, FAST-NU Islamabad from 2002 to 2009. He remained associated with the GIK Institute for more than 5 years. He also had been the coordinator of Humanities & Social Sciences department at GIK Institute. Earlier, he remained associated with research and editing of the papers of the founder of Pakistan, Quaid-i-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah. He has to his credit 17 books and dozens of research papers. Some of the details of his work can be viewed here. He was also one of the authors of the team that prepared teachers' manual and students' preparation kits for the Ministry of IT’s Prime Minister National OSP programme. Mr. Khattak was the first-ever South Asia Fellow from Pakistan at the Centre of South Asia, School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London, UK (1999). His areas of interest include professional training, pedagogy, teaching methodologies/skills/curriculum development, ESP in science and technology and linguistic connotations of the modern South Asian politics.


 #admissions17 #empowertolead #fastfsd


 #admission17 #fastfsd #empowertolead
 #admission17 #fastfsd #empowertolead



We offer BBA, BS(A&F), MBA, BS(CS), MS(CS), BS(EE), MS(EE) here at FAST Chiniot- Faisalabad Campus! Do you want to Join the FAST Lane? #fastfsd #admissions17 #empowertolead
 #fastfsd #admissions17 #empowertolead
 #fastfsd #empowertolead #admissions17

 #admissions17 #fastfsd #empowertolead
 #admission17 #fastfsd #empowertolead
Tbt Daira'14 - One of the finest national events held in Pakistan | It comprised of 40+ competitions in domains of Public Speaking, Arts, Technology, Sports, Literature and E-gaming!
All aspiring candidates please note that our admission deadline is July'7 2017 #admissions17 #fastfsd #empowertolead
Our beautiful campus building stands out among all! - Parents can also visit our campus to select the best for your children #admissions17 #fastfsd
Lipdub FAST-NU Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus is the first Lipdub among all the sister campuses of FAST-NU - It highlights the happening campus life we have here! 


Our state of the art hostels provide all facilities to provide the students comfortable living!
Dr. Aftab Maroof has been teaching at various prestigious educational institutions including NUST and University of Wales, UK. He has published papers on design of software for Robotic Sensing and sensor integration architectures for flexible assembly systems. His research interests include curriculum development, professional ethics; software design architectures; software process modeling and improvement; and software testing and quality assurance. - PhD(Computer Science), ...University of Wales, Aberystwyth, United Kingdom (1996) - M.Sc(Computer Science), University of Wales, Aberystwyth, United Kingdom (1992) - M.Sc(Statistics), University of the Punjab (PU), Lahore, Pakistan (1979) - B.Sc(Computer Science), Punjab University, Pakistan (1975)

We also offer programmes for Electrical Engineering - For details visit: www.nu.edu.pk



Do you want to be an entrepreneur and make your dreams come true? We offer the best programmes in Business Education at FASTCFD Campus!
 #empowertolead #fastfsd #admissions2017







Seminar on Communication,Networking & 5G Technology by Mr Wahaj Arshad (Researcher Standardization Systems & Technology, Ericsson,Sweden)












IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT  ALL the participants are required to bring their CNIC and University cards along with them due to security reasons.  Any participant without these documents WILL NOT BE ALLOWED TO ENTER THE PREMISIS.  Spread the word!


QEC EE assessment visit by Dr Faizan Dastageer and Dr Irfan Abid (Riphah University, Faisalabad) in CFD Campus



4th Creative Contest by SUKHAN




























Seminar for CS & EE Students

Congratulations to Saad Irfan (3rd Position) in Squash Event at LUMS Sports Feast 2017



Happy Quaid Day
The new hostel building in CFD Campus is now operational Picture Credit: Mr Abdullah Arshad


Seminar on Entrepreneurship by Mr Khurram Zafar (Executive Director, LUMS Center for Entrepreneurship) in CFD Campus


Proudly Welcomes "Mr Khurram Zafar" (Executive Director, LUMS Center for Entrepreneurship) in CFD Campus on 7 Dec, 2016 @ 11:30 AM
A humble initiative by AIESEC in Faisalabad to help someone in need - Approach us by submitting your requests in the boxes placed in cafe and lobby. We will try our best to help you out! :)


CFD campus students were the Trophy winners in Cricket, Football, Futsal, Athletics, Bedminton at Roots International School Olympiad 2016.




IEEE NUCES CFD is proud to host Robos Unleashed 2 !!! An informative workshop where the students were guided about all the basics of robotics and a team of special experts from FAST Lahore Campus was there to assist the organizers of the workshop.

 Agenda: Brief description of TEDx along with the planned proceedings of the event. The session will also include a question answer session with the organizing team.  

Creating new trends as usual IEEE NUCES CFD is proud to bring you Robos Unleashed 2 !!! A hands on workshop where you will be guided about all the basics  of robotics and a team of special experts from FAST Lahore campus will give you a hands on experience. Every team will make their own robot under their guidance and you will be able to take the robot home with you. All the equipment will be provided by us. 19th November is the event date! For further info regarding this workshop and registrations you can contact: Saad Kashif 0332-6824050

 Join Mr. Raja Zia Ul Haq at FAST-NU CFD Campus to get your doubts answered and to explore yourself. A workshop, that will not really change you, but will help you rise as who you really are. 
 Team FAST EDC Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus

The University of Faisalabad held an inter-university competition “Computronic World - Women Rock in IT” on October 31, 2016 in order to provide a safe platform to girls for a healthy competition. Students from UCP, UAF, GC, FAST and Shiblee College participated in the competition and projected various software and websites. Dr Abdul Hyee, Director at Computer Center FESCO and Ms Sadia Anwar, Head Department of Computer Science, Government College for Women Faisalabad were the Guests of Honour. The Students of FAST-CFD campus Aima Tariq, Amal Sultan & Mehak Fatima Secured Second position in the competition.
4th Intra Fast Debates Competition by BOL (25-28 OCT, 2016)
SUKHAN society known for its literary work in CFD campus arranged a creative writing workshop by inviting Sir Arif Khattak (Head of Department, S & H).

A moment of proud for all of us as our students "Usama Sultan, Batch-2012,f138289" Leading IT Conference as a student volunteer on Object Oriented Programming under ACM-SIGPLAN "SPLASH- OOPSLA 2106" going to be held in Amsterdam,Netherlands from 30th OCT - 4th NOV.
"FAST E-Gaming Event" Finally,after the series of exciting battles in IntraFAST E-Gaming competition we are proudly announcing our winners and Runners-up. Losing a battle is part of a game.In fact,it makes you comeback stronger than the last time. CS GO Team Name : Violent Pacifications (Winners)... Players: Ahmad Liaqat Tariq Asim Rohan Sajjad Zeeshan Khan Ahsan khan Team Name :Team Noob (Runner-up) Players: Abdul Moiz Ahmad Naveed Uzair Bilal Maqsood Muhammad Usama COD4 Team Name: Fanatic (Winners) Players: Humza Khalid Rizwan javed Sabeeh hanif Malik arsalan Zain tariq Team name: Urti Batakhain (Runner-up) Player: Mian Afnan Nadeem Talha Mahmood  Muhammad ali Umar amman Yasir malik Blur: Player : Shaffan Zaman (Winner) Player : Hamza Usman (Runner-up) Need for speed :Most Wanted Player : Mahmood Loodhi (Winner) Player : Abdul Raffey (Runner-up) Tekken Player :Asjad Ahmed (Winner) Player :Sajid Amhed (Runner-up) FIFA 17: Player :Ali Zouraiz (Winner) Pklayer :Ali Riaz (Runner-up) #IntraFast6

Our students are pulling an all nighter to participate in #IEEEXtreme programming competition. It is a world-wide competition and will end at 5'o clock in the morning. Our campus is one of international venues hosting this competition. Kudos to FCAP - FAST Club of App Development and Programming that is looking after all the arrangements. #FAST-#CFD #NUCES #pakistan #programming #competition

Congratulations to our student "Naveed Khan" for achieving Global Exchange Program in US.

Confused about why should you join AIESEC?  Well AIESEC Faisalabad will deliver an information session to answer all your queries! :D  So be there, and don't miss this golden chance to join AIESEC.  A life changing experience awaits you! :)
2 Day Machine Learning and Big Data workshop at FAST CFD Campus ended very successfully today. Feedback of the participants was extremely positive.The workshop not only provided a great learning experience to its participants but also a chance to meet experts and distinguished speakers. It was indeed possible with a great team effort. Well done, Team IEEE!

 HEC and IEEE Machine Learning and Big Data workshop from 8-9th October at Fast-NU, CFD campus. Register at: http://www.ieeebigdata.pk/ #AI #ieeebigdata
We proudly announce that Professor and HoD CS Department, FAST-NU (Lahore), Dr. Kashif Zafar has also joined us and will be sharing his thoughts on Machine learning and Evolution of Big data! Register at: http://www.ieeebigdata.pk/ #AI #ieeebigdata
Take a look at our speakers and join us in the HEC and IEEE Machine Learning and Big Data workshop from 8-9th October at Fast-NU, CFD campus. Invest in yourself and learn from the experts. Limited seats available Register at: http://www.ieeebigdata.pk/... #AI #ieeebigdata
Limited seats available! Join us for Machine Learning & Big Data workshop on 8-9 October at FAST! An amazing opportunity to learn from the experts! Register at http://www.ieeebigdata.pk/ #datascience #AI #ieeebigdata
 As continuation of Accreditation of Accounting and Finance Program (BS A&F) of FSM-CFD by International ACCA, additional exemptions of papers have been awarded to the program as per attachment.




AIESEC in Pakistan visited FAST-NUCES, CFD campus on 21st of September,2016. The meeting was with the Faisalabad chapter of AIESEC, AIESEC in Faisalabad. In the meeting new idea to grow a sustainable AIESEC culture and a strong organization in Faisalabad was discussed. FAST-NUCES, CFD campus played a great role in hosting the event. Members of AIESEC in Faisalabad from different institutions of Faisalabad were also there. AIESEC in Faisalabad is looking forward to have more collaborations with FAST-NUCES, CFD campus.


CFD campus congratulates its team which participated in "Pakistan Start-up Cup"  @ Marriott Islamabad and finished in top 12 teams among 950+ teams.  We wish our team a very best of luck for future competitions.



MoU Signed between FAST NU CFD Campus and Punjab Medical College. A great initiative by Silent Steps Society of Fast CFD Campus. This will not only help both of the institutes to develop together but will also be very beneficial for the welfare of society.

Actor In Law ;) #FASTUNIVERSITY #ACTORINLAW #PROMOTION #FAISALABAD





Congratulations on getting into FAST!  In your time here, grab every opportunity that comes your way AND Run towards any idea that crosses your mind. Make your dreams happen!  Official orientation: 15th August Commencement of classes : 16th August  O'day (society event): 17th August





Dear Aspirants, Please stay tune to our website www.nu.edu.pk for final declaration of result tonight at 9:00 PM











Mr. Habib Ullah Wattoo Assistant Professor (EE CFD Campus) represented FAST-NU at NIDays 2016 Graphical System Design Conference in Beirut Lebanon on 6th May 2016. This conference was organized by National Instruments America and more than 500 hundred Engineers, Scientists and industry experts from across the world have attended this conference. This Conference has provided an excellent platform for scientists and engineers to exchange information and share research on various fields of science and technology. It also gave an opportunity to meet and learn from global leaders in science and technology.




CFD campus actively participated in Education Expo held in Garvaish Hotel  #Congratulations_Team_Expo
 Students are highly encouraged to visit for their admission related queries and guidelines for admission process.


FAST NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad campus has achieved another milestone  of success in the way of innovation. Four startup ideas from FAST NU, Chiniot-Faisalbad Campus were selected among top 25 business ideas inPakistan Startup Cup 2016. Mr. Zeeshan Yousaf, Mr. Haris Arif, Mr. Rodger Nazir, Mr. Zeeshan Johar, Mr. Nauman Abid, Mr. Zeeshan Shafiq, Mr. Musa Jafri, Mr. Abdul Wahab and Mr. Ehsan qualified for the next round of the event. . Dr. Aftab Maroof, Dr. Gufran Khan, Syed Zeeshan Haider, and Mr. Amir Zahoor mentored the students.


Pakistan Engineering Council (PEC) has granted PEB License to our campus and  PEC  has approved Mr. Muhammad Habib Ullah Wattoo (Assistant Professor EE) as the  PEB coordinator for CFD campus. One more milestone has been attained is a great achievement for our campus.

FAST CFD A place where your dreams come true !

Presenting LipDub FAST-NU Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus :) Get a sneak peek at the campus life! This video is a result of tireless efforts by FUMP, Dramocrats Society and Lipdub '16 team! :)
Battle of Bands – another milestone achieved successfully by #SilentSteps – FAST CFD campus, a charity based social corporate society, with the aim to deliver education, provide health services, and develop infrastructure for our community through multiple projects. The laurel doesn’t stop here, for the first time a society has ever reduced the gaps among the schools, Punjab Medical College, Agriculture University, and University of Lahore. It has also strengthened a long-term relation with them for future collaborations for nation’s development and progress.






These days world has shrunk to an extent where whole world is available on our desktops. Though it is convenient but in the meantime it raises security concerns.... Ebryx is conducting one hour session on "Network security" for the students of FAST CFD campus at 3 pm on 26th April, 2016. Venue: FAST CFD Campus, Seminar Hall




Once Again, Ashar Javaid (BBA 2013) has secured "Third Position in English Category at the 2nd All Pakistan Declamation Contest 2016" held at LUMS. 

List of Companies attending Open House on 26th April at #FAST #CFD For further details visit https://www.facebook.com/events/1522517341386043/
2 Teams of our talented students competed at Microsoft Imagine Cup. Out of 99 teams in Regional Finals; our boys walked home with pride being selected to compete at National Level. Fingers crossed for national level. #imagineCup #microsoft #FAST #CFD Want to test their skills? They will be presenting with many others awesome projects at the Open House on 26th April'16. https://www.facebook.com/events/1522517341386043/ - FAST NU Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. Be there! #talentCFD #openHouse
Our final year students Zeeshan Yousaf, Zohair Kharal and Haris Arif won the first position in software exhibition in #NASCON 2016. Congratulations to the team and their mentor Adnan Waheed. They will be presenting their project on 26th at #FAST #CFD. Campus. Get yourself registered for open house.  http://tinyurl.com/fastcfd
Get yourself registered for the 1st Open House of FAST-NUCES Chiniot-Faisalabad (CFD) Campus.  http://goo.gl/forms/4l4ypcvyTn Hurry up :)
Are you a StartUp or have an amazing business idea? Pakistan StartUp Cup is a highly experiential, mentorship-driven program designed to visually facilitate entrepreneurs through the universal steps required to start and build a viable business. Compete with exciting startups across Pakistan, learn from the Business Gurus, re-model your business model by attending Build-a-Business workshops and win the cup and cash prizes. Submit your business ideas now! Total Prize Money: PK...R 2,250,000. Deadline: 21st April, 2016 Details and Submission: https://goo.gl/DODkML OR www.pakistan.startupcup.com For queries: startupcup@tieislamabad.org Note: Workshops, Mentoring and Judging sessions will be held in Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi and Faisalabad. *Women entrepreneurs are encouraged to participate. 50 percent of the startups inducted into the program will be women-led. * There is no fee for participation.

Our EE faculty member, Mr Amir Zahoor, gracing the occasion with other IEEE Educational Activities Members (New York Conference)
 Dr. Asif Gilani, Director CFD Campus, inaugurated the exhibition. All the faculty members and a high majority of the students were present over there. Junior year students were taking ideas of the projects for their own FYP projects upcoming next semester.  Interested in knowing more about our students, projects and university? Join us on 26th April for our first Open House. https://www.facebook.com/events/1522517341386043/
FAST Executive Development Center (EDC) conducted a motivational talk for CFD students the title of the talk was  "Living your 100 % and Breaking Mental Barriers" by Mr Ahmed Karim, Owner of Alazem Textile LLC (Accessible Technology Specialist at Emirates Association for Visually Impaired)
Ashar Javed (Winner of 2nd Position in all Pakistan declamation contest at University of Agriculture, Faisalabad)
Ashar Javed of FSM (BOL Society) has won 2nd Position in all Pakistan declamation contest held on March 29, 2016 at University of Agriculture, Faisalabad .  CFD Campus is proud of your achievement.
 Ahmad Karim is owner of a company named Alazem Textile LLC based in UAE and Accessible Technology Specialist at Emirates Association for Visually Impaired in UAE.
 Ahmad Karim is owner of a company named Alazem Textile LLC based in UAE and Accessible Technology Specialist at Emirates Association for Visually Impaired in UAE. For his more introduction, please see a documentary on his life; Regards, Amir Zahoor Coordinator, FAST EDC Chiniot Faisalabad Campus


Visit of Minister of State (Federal Education, Professional Training & Interior-Narcotics control) Mr Baligh ur Rehman in CFD.The Minister also laid the foundation stone of the campus residence halls which will accommodate 400 students and 24 faculty members. Prof Dr Syed Asif Mahmood Gilani, Director of the campus briefed the guests on the academic and research facilities of the campus.
Congratulation to Ashar Javed (FSM) for winning all Pakistan declamation contest held on March 22, 2016 at Shifa College of Medicine Islamabad. CFD campus is proud of you :)
PEC Visit in CFD Campus
Mr Junaid Jamshed during his special lecture in CFD campus







Visit of assessment team for CS Department. The team appreciated the efforts of QEC (CFD campus) for maintaining the quality of course contents and teaching.  Courtesy: Mr Shakeel Khaili (Asst. Manager QEC)
Visit of assessment team for FAST School of Management. The team appreciated the efforts of QEC, CFD campus for maintaining the quality of course contents and teaching. Courtesy: Mr Shakeel Khaili (Asst. Manager QEC)

A friendly match between A-Level Team, Kohinoor Grammar School, Faisalabad and FAST-CFD Team played in CFD.  CFD campus congratulates both teams for showing good spirit for sports.  Courtesy: Mr Hanif Shakir (Sports Officer)


Visit of ICT Team in CFD campus!
21 January, 2016, Session of Mr Abdullah under the umbrella of EDC CFD campus.
Team FPS After A Successfull Workshop By Mr Azhar Hafeez From Nikon School !!  InshaAllah More To Come !
AIESEC Faisalabad is going to host a seminar regarding student awareness on 8 Feb, 2016 @ 12:15 pm (Seminar Hall). All the students are welcome to participate in the seminar.
 FAST Photography Society is hosting a workshop on photography techniques and trends in collab with Nikon Pakistan. Muhammad Azhar Hafeez will be joining us from Nikon School.  Mr. Azhar holds a great portfolio in the field of photography and aerial film making. (www.azharhafeez.com) Those who are interested shall visit student affairs office for registration.  Registration fee is Rs.200/- (Limited seats available)

Looking for International Internship, AIESEC is the best platform !
A fully decorated fruitful workshop on "Job interviews" was held in Seminar Hall on January 20, 2016 Hosted by FCAP.  Guest Speaker was Mr. Qasim Zeeshan, He is currently working as Lead Engineer at Biyixia.com

AIESEC FSD Presents
2nd AIESEC Meeting held in CFD Campus  Congratulations to CFD AIESEC Team for signing MoU regarding Industry-Academia linkage


CFD campus wishes all the Faculty, Staff, Students a very Happy New Year 2016
Wonderful article written by Mr Rana Rashid Rehman (Lecturer, FSM) in the prominent newspaper of Pakistan, The Nation. The article well emphasised the importance of tolerance and no blame game. Once again CFD campus congratulates on the analytical and intellectual thinking of our proud faculty member http://nation.com.pk/letters/30-Dec-2015/you-as-a-nation
***ANNOUNCEMENT*** The FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus will remain closed on Thursday and Friday, 24th and 25th  of December, 2015 on account of Eid Milad-un-Nabi (S.A.W) and Quaid-e- Azam Day respectively. The campus will resume its operations on Saturday, December 26, 2015.
CFD campus pays tribute to the Martyrs of APS, Peshawar  #LongliveLegends
Congratulations to MR Rana Rashid Rehman (Lecturer/FSM) for representing CFD campus at Third International Conference on Emerging Research Paradigms in Business & Social Sciences organized by Middlesex Univeristy, Dubai Campus on 24-26 Nov,2015. The paper title " Impact of Knowledge Management on Learning in Higher Education Institutes of Pakistan" was appreciated by the audience and the conference chair. He enjoys the distinction to get the "Best paper award in Management and Marketing Track" which is also a very big achievement for Pakistan and CFD campus in the presence of International participants from UK, U.A.E, USA, Nigeria, Egypt, Czech Republic, Slovakia, India, Iran, Austria, Hong Kong, Australia. CFD campus congratulates him on his achievement and wishes him best of luck for his future research work.
 This is to notify that the CFD campus will remain closed on Wednesday, 16th December, 2015 on account of APS attack victims. Campus will resume its operation on Thursday, 17th December, 2015. From 17th December, 2015 regular date sheet shall be followed and the paper of 16th December, 2015 shall be rescheduled by the academic office.
A small collective prayer session will be conducted tomorrow for APS martyrs in main lobby at 9:15 am
First Meeting of AIESEC Faisalabad Unit in CFD Campus. Members from NTU, UAF, GCU were the part of meeting.            A great platform for the students to deal with the professional challenges of the market. Courtesy: Ashar Javed (President, AIESEC Faisalabad)
 The Green FAST Project is an expression of the University’s long-standing and continuing commitment to environmental consciousness and sustainable development in our own lives, at our own campus, and beyond of all these boundaries. Our goal is a sustainable and environmental-friendly institution with continuing improvement that seeks to minimize its own environmental impact and to improve our... collective understanding of the practice of sustainable development.
“Revamping the Government Primary School Project,” a final course project of project management and fundamental of management. BBA12, the project lead team, completed all the five process groups (ref. PMBOK) with the support of CS14-A. The aim of the project was to provide the students an opportunity to learn & work in a real world environment while benefiting the community. The project location, a school, is about a mile away from FAST NUCES Faisalabad-Chiniot campus. A scho...ol of 3 classrooms for 250 primary students was in abysmal condition for learning and development. A two-days project (Nov 27, 28), in which 13 powered LED lights were installed with all fixtures, electric insulation on hanging power cable across 3 rooms, placed an electric water cooler, fixed the slider, seesaw, soccer ball poles for sports and recreation, 50 trees plantation, erected a pole with national flag, and 4 different training and sports sessions. Next day the kids from the school were invited at FAST NUCES campus to see how education can practically improve their lives. They were placed at the computer labs, worked on computer games, painting competition, watched the engineering projects developed by FAST students, did sports, took lunch, and then each student was gifted with a school bag carrying heavy stationary and a prayer books in each. 72 volunteers including faculty, staff, and students participated in the 1st day, which doubled to only 149 student volunteers on the 2nd day. The management and administration staff of the campus provided the logistics and moral support. The campus dining caterer provided free cooking and catering services to 270 students and their teachers within an hour of two shifts. It was a self-sponsored project of Rs.141, 791.00 as a budget. The sum was collected through fundraising by BBA-12 through movie night, campus touring, and generous sponsors of Rs.84, 000 by themselves. The smile that we brought, kids that flying were flying in the air with jubilation and honor, was a true indication of the project success and its scope."
For The Students Of Fast Faisalabad Only , Join Us Tomorrow !
CFD campus students enjoyed maximum participation in AIESEC Faisalabad Forum. Wish them best of luck.  AIESEC is the best platform for the university students to show their potential and talent
express your WORDS OF LOVE AND SUPPORT FOR APS MARTYRS mention your name and department. If you do not want your name to be mentioned, kindly mention the instruction in the text box.

Congratulations to the Bol debating team (Hassan ur Rasheed, Ashar Javed and Iqra Fayyaz) for winning "All Pakistan Bilingual Oratory Competition 2015-2016" at The City School, Chenab Campus,Faisalabad.  Once again BOL keeps the legacy of remain victorious in every competition. CFD campus is proud of your achievement.
Well done Sports Guild Society for making us proud in Roots Annual Sports Olympiad 2015. CFD campus is proud on your achievements
Congratulations to the Sports Guild Society and Mr Hanif Shakir (Sports Officer, CFD Campus) for Winning  -Gold Medal in Cricket, Badminton, Basket Ball, Arm Wrestling and Chess  - Silver Medal in Arm Wrestling,Girls Badminton, Scvanger Hunt, Athletics and Swimming  in Annual Sports Olympiad 2015 at Roots International Faisalabad. 60 Institutions from Faisalabad Division participated in different events but students from CFD campus dominated the event with their talent and performances.
***ANNOUNCEMENT*** Owing to local body elections in Chiniot District . The campus will remain closed on 19 November, 2015. The campus will resume its operations from Friday 20 November, 2015.
The Pride of CFD campus in ACM ICPC Lahore Regional 2015 Competition :) Congratulations to the team for being Runners up after competing teams from all over the globe and beating all the best teams from Pakistan! Sohail Haider... Ammar Tahir Cheema Zahid Usman Cheema Arbab Haider Cheema
Congratulations to the TEAM participated in  ACM ICPC Lahore Regional 2015.CFD campus is proud on your achievement of "Runners up" in the competition. The winner team belongs from Iran so it can be concluded that from Pakistan you are the winners. Well Done for making us proud.
 As announced by Government of Pakistan, there shall be no public holiday on Monday, November 9, 2015 on account of Iqbal day. University Headquarters, FAST Head Office and campuses will remain open on Monday, 9-Nov-2015.


QEC, CFD campus conducted on 2nd November, 2015 a full day workshop titled "Outcome-based Assessment in Higher Education". Prof.Dr Waseem Ikram, Dean Faculty of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU was the resource person of this workshop.He delivered a knowledgeable and informative lecture on "Outcome based education" to the faculty of CFD campus. The event was organized by Mr Shakeel Khalil, Asst. Manager QEC, CFD campus.
***ANNOUNCEMENT*** Owing to Local Body Elections in Faisalabad, the campus shall remain close on 31-10-2015 (Saturday). The campus should resume its activities on 2nd November, 2015 .
Congratulations to Rana Rashid Rehman (Faculty member, FSM) for publishing his article in re known National Newspaper. CFD campus is proud of your achievement. 

Sports Guild Society arranged 5 days cricket  tournament in which  Students and Faculty of FAST CFD campus participated. First  time FAST Female cricket match w...as played.

 "PRIZE DISTRIBUTION CEREMONY" will be conducted after the final match  Prof. Dr. Syed Asif Gilani, Directer campus will be the chief guest at the closing ceremony.Every one is invited to grace the occasion.
FAST English Club has arranged two days event  " Engllenge "  at campus on 7 - 8 october 2015,The event includes Playcabulary, Ideal Candidate Contest, Pictory,... Blogbuzz,  Play Dare and AdMak.
Have you started hating FAST labs after hours and hours of stressful lectures and tasks? FEGS is bringing back life to the underground world of the campus, register now for the 4th Intra-FAST E-Gaming Competition

Opening Ceremony of "Loonay Wala Cricket League" 18 Teams are participating in the event,  Director CFD campus inaugurated the event.
FAST English Club is organizing Engllenge'15, registrations opening from 2nd of October.  for details visit FEC  official page: https://www.facebook.com/fastenglishclub.fsd



FAST CFD Campus pays its heartfelt tribute to the father of the nation, Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah. There will never be another one like you!




An Indoor sports event is going to take place from 27-29 August, 2015 in CFD campus. The sports event is comprising of  -Table Tennis (Male/Female) -Arm Wrestling (Male/Female) -Chess (Male/Female) -Carom (Male/Female)... -Luddo (Male/Female)  Registration Fee: Rs 100/ Per Person Further inquiries, please feel free to contact Sports Officer
The Career Services Center-FAST School of Management (FSM) invites students to design a logo for the FAST School of Management. The winner logo will be utilized in media including print, online and other correspondences as official logo of FSM. Terms of Contest * Only the undergraduate and graduate registered students of CFD-Campus are eligible for the contest. *  Individuals or teams (up to three candidates) cannot submit more than two entries however, separate Entry Form must be required with each application. *  All the submitted entries would become the property of Fast School of Management and shall not be distributed at any forum. *  All submitted work should be based on original work produced by the applicant/s only and should not be derived from any plagiarized source or any other existing logos, trademark etc. Failure to do so may result in disqualification from the contest. To enter the FSM logo Contest, eligible applicants must: ***  Obtain the entry form for Rs.100/application from Career Services Office. The contact person is Mr. Muhammad Asad- FSM Deptt. Secretary. * Fill correctly the entry form accompany with designed logo in .jpeg, jpg, pdf & hard form (only high quality(HD) color version of hard from is acceptable) *  Submit you completed application form in person to following by Saturday 29, 2015 till 12:00 pm. The contest will be held on Monday 31, 2015 at 11:00 am in FSM-Seminar Hall. The Winner/s of the contest will be acknowledged with Cash prize and Certificate of Merit.
Dear Students, Please participate with Spirit on one of the most hot issues in the World (for participation assistance please feel free to contact Manager Student Affairs Office)


 The time for candidates to report for the TEST is 11;00 am, the test shall be started at 11;30 am. It is also requested to the candidates to make sure they bring all the necessary documents (copies,CNIC,etc) on test day. Any candidate failing to produce such eligibility requirements shall may not be permitted to sit in the test.
FAST School of Management (FSM) is going to arrange special "ADMISSION TEST" for the students of MBA (1.5 Years) on 24th August, 2015 at CFD Campus  Interested candidates are welcome along with their documents (original and copies), CNIC to admission office to get admission test cards
****Good News**** FAST School of Management (FSM) is going to arrange special "ADMISSION TEST" for the students of BBA,BS Accounting & Finance,MBA (1.5 Years)   *Opportunity for those who missed the test for 2015 intake  Further details shall be uploaded soon regarding ADMISSION TEST




CS Orientation Batch 2k15 On Way , Bright Faces Of Parents :)
 For BS(EE) & FSM FAST National University, Chiniot-Faisalabad—Orientation Ceremony will be held on August 8, 2015 at 09:30 am.  For BS(CS) FAST National University, Chiniot-Faisalabad—Orientation Ceremony will be held on August 8, 2015 at 11:15 am


Offering Admissions in MS CS, MS EE, MBA (1.5 Years)
Eid Mubarik to everyone :D Let's not forget the true purpose of Eid and hold the hands of those in need and share hapiness with them too :) Remember the martyrs of APS in your prayers
The first merit list has been uploaded, to see your result please log in into the portal using the email address and password with which you had created the account when applying. Congratulations to those who have been selected :)  Start living life in the FAST lane!
This is to inform you that After Eid ul Fitr, the campus will observe its previous office timings, i.e; Also, route buses will reach campus at 8.30 am from July 22, 2015 onward. It is, therefore, requested to adjust your departure time from your stop accordingly.
As admission tests shall end on July 14, 2015 therefore result of admission test for MS and MBA programs shall be announced on 16th July 2015. We are sorry for inconvenience.  Applicants who are left with their admission formalities can browse to admissions.nu.edu.pk or http://210.56.24.218/OLAR/Login.aspx
Confused about negative marking and aggregate calculation! Huh.. Here an App. which will serve you well. You just need the information about your marks you got in the entry test, your intermediate percentage, enter the information, and bang!! There is your accurate aggregate.
- Keep calm this summer for the 1st ever time in Faisalabad, a fun oriented session is going to held in FAST-NU Chiniot Faislabad Campus. Devoxx4Kids Pakistan is going to organize a 2-day workshop to teach kids robotics, programming and electronics in a interactive way Workshop Dates: 4th-5th August. Fee: 1000/- PKR We have Limited Seats. ... Get Registered at  https://goo.gl/VdlZ5W For Further Details check our website: www.devoxx4kids.org/pakistan

Due to last minute rush of applicants, coupled with shorter working hours(due to Ramzan), the University has extended the last date to apply till Monday 6th July 2015.

Last date to apply is June 30, 2015 To apply: http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/
Maulana Tariq Jameel at FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus May Allah give us strength to become better Muslims and Humans in this month of blessings :) Ramadhan Kareem

- Tu Shaheen Hai, Parwaz Hai Kaam Tera || Tere Samne Asman Aur Bhi Hain Once again its Hassaan :) Mr. Hassaan Ur Rasheed receiving the Best Speaker Award (Urdu category) at Lafz '15 All Pakistan Bilingual Declamation Contest, University of Gujrat.


They compete the best in their field, leaving a mark on the audience - Achievements BOL | FAST-NU CFD Campus Debating Society in All Pakistan Debating Competitions:  • Winner FMHC : Muhammad Hassaan Ur Rasheed • Winner LUMS : Muhammad Hassaan Ur Rasheed • Winner KING EDWARD : Muhammad Hassaan Ur Rasheed... • Winner NFC : Ashar Javaid • Winner UAF : Muhammad Hassaan Ur Rasheed • Winner Punjab University : Muhammad Hassaan Ur Rasheed • Winner  LGS: Muhammad Hassaan Ur Rasheed • Winner  PMC: Ashar Javaid • Winner  FJMC: Usman Ghous
- Admissions open, apply now and be a part of the FAST family :) For more info visit: www.nu.edu.pk/admissions You can also visit the campus 9AM-4PM  Google map: (https://goo.gl/5rdeiD)
FAST-NU CFD Campus is offering numerous degree programs 

Dear Batch 12, Wish you best of your luck for you exams, We are entering into another phase of life and this phase of life is called "Final Year Project". We are pleased to present faculty from FAST Islamabad and experts from Industry. The session would be very fruitful for you people to come up with new ideas updated from market so you can kick start your carrier right from the beginning rather to go in market and than learn. I want all of you to sit in the session so there should be ambiguity regarding this phase. I know your exams are there but we will not get another slot for this event. We want it to get done before your summer starts so that you can work on your ideas for final year project proposals. Plus your have number of queries regarding your FYP you can come up with your questions and do ask them.




FAST-NU CFD Campus is offering numerous degree programs 
 Join us @  Garwaish  on 2nd June to get admission details



Sudoku, Essay Writing and Creative Mania @ 2nd Creative contest by Sukhan - FLS
 Registrations open! 


Traning Session held in FAST Executive Development Center Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus ,  Session was delievered by Tahir mehmood Chaudhry, Organized by Sir Amir Zahoor and Sir Zeeshan Haider .



Dear All In pursuance of the directive of the Higher Education Department, Government of Punjab, CFD and Lahore campuses will observe winter vacation from 20-Dec-2014 to 9-Jan-2015. However, the staff (teaching and non teaching) will attend the Office as usual.

A big round of applause for the winners of the 15th Softcom who proved themselves at one of the biggest stages.
There will be prize and certificate distribution ceremony of 2nd & 3rd Intra-Fast E-gaming competition tomorrow in audtorium after 01:00pm :)

Receiving Grant Award from Prof. Dr. Marguerite Madden (Director Center for Geospatial Research,The University of Georgia & Finance Officer Board of Trustees ISPRS Foundation)
- 1st Creative Contest by SUKHAN FLS Official Literary Society FSD
- Sukhan FAST Literary Society proudly presents the: "1st Creative Contest" for you guys! - Let LoonayWala witness creativity at its peak! :D 
- Best of Luck for Mid Exams

FEGS is here again, bringing "3rd Intra-Fast E-Gaming Competition" at our campus. Ultimate fun with no bounds. Registrations are open now till 23rd Oct. "WAR IS COMING" So make up your clans to compete the best ;)
 https://www.facebook.com/events/660688474045713/?ref=br_tf



- Souvenir presented to Dr. Zia Ul -Qayyum, Director CFD campus in recognition of BizConaF & Industrial Liasion by Governor Punjab & President, Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry


- FAST-ival | Welcome to the new lot of Generation FAST | Sep 17, 2014 @ Loonay Wala. Please check your slate accounts for details


- All set for orientation batch 2014
A proud moment not only for me, but for my UNIVERSITY TOO.  Cultural Ambassador of Pakistan at Murray State University, Kentucky.

Dear All Due to current law and order situation Orientation Ceremony would now be held on August 23, 2014 and assisting you in your transition to life at University. Orientation program is intended to assist students, parents, and families to understand the goals and expectations of this dynamic university community, and to introduce you to the valuable services and programs available on campus. We strongly believe that the Orientation Program will prepare students well as th...ey begin their academic and co-curricular journey as a member of the University    BS(Computer Science) & MS(Computer Science)  BS(Electrical Engineering) All students of BS (EE) 11:00 am to 12:00 pm Seminar Hall  MBA, BBA & BS(AF) All students of MBA, BBA &BS(A&F) 11:30 am to 12:30 pm Auditorium Parents are encouraged to accompany students. Classes for all the batches will commence from Monday August 25, 2014. Hostel Students may coordinate with senior hall warden Mr. Mushtaq Sial <mushtaq.sial@nu.edu.pk> on the day of Orientation to finalize hostel arrangements.
- Admission processing has been closed at CFD Campus


Dear All Congratulations for being part of Generation FAST and joining FAST Lane for success. We look forward to welcoming the new class to campus on August 19, 2014 and assisting you in your transition to life at University. Orientation program is intended to assist students, parents, and families to understand the goals and expectations of this dynamic university community, and to introduce you to the valuable services and programs available on campus. We strongly believe t...hat the Orientation Program will prepare students well as they begin their academic and co-curricular journey as a member of the University    BS(Computer Science) & MS(Computer Science)  BS(Electrical Engineering) All students of BS (EE) 11:00 am to 12:00 am Seminar Hall  MBA, BBA & BS(AF) All students of MBA, BBA &BS(A&F) 11:30 am to 12:30 am Auditorium Parents are encouraged to accompany students. Classes for all the batches will commence from Wednesday August 20, 2014. Hostel Students may coordinate with senior hall warden Mr. Mushtaq Sial <mushtaq.sial@nu.edu.pk> on the day of Orientation to finalize hostel arrangements. All registered students can message with their roll number so that they can join
CIE students are requested to submit their results within 3 working days, to confirm their admission.  All candidates' admissions have been cancelled who have been awarded a U grade or who got less than the minimum required percentage of marks, they are advised to file for a fee refund within 3 days otherwise the request will not be entertained.

Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus would remain closed on Monday August 11, 2014 due to current law and order situation. All candidates seeking admission may visit on Tuesday.
- CFD Campus is recognized by HEC and has approval of PEC to start the program 


- Offer Letters and Emails have been sent to selected candidates for MBA
- Hostel & Transport facility is available @ CFD Campus
- The offer letters have been dispatched to successful candidates.


- BS/BBA Admission 2014 Results will be declared on 19     July 2014 at 11:00 PM
- Dear All This page is for Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus only so all communications are for CFD Campus strictly. All the other campuses operate as per their procedures and policies. Please don't take information of this page for all campuses.
 BS/BBA NTS Admission 2014 Results has been uploaded on NU Site.
- Offer Letters have been emailed to successful applicants on basis of NTS-NAT. Last date for fee submission is July 18, 2014
- Dear All Nts merit would be accumulated by 60% of NTS Marks and 40% of 1st Year Marks. All successful applicants would be communicated through offer letters on Monday.
- Offer Letters for MSCS have been dispatched. All the successful applicants of MBA have been called and they will be having Interview on Tuesday @ 10:00 a.m. sharp
Dear All NTS Revised Merit List & MS/MBA Merit List would be announced today evening.
Why MSCS?


 1. How many percentage this year? 60% FAST NU test and 40% intermediate marks
Campus would be open tomorrow for Admission Application Processing


Dear All We are now open till 06:00 p.m. for Application processing and Sunday aswell. Share it with all the potential candidates | Seek your light - Torch is lit
Dear All National ICT R&D Fund is offering scholarships to talented students from rural/non-metropolitan areas of Pakistan with the objective to develop human resource capacity in the fields of Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) in Pakistan. The Prime Minister's National ICT Scholarship Program 2014 provides fully funded 4 year undergraduate degree scholarships in ICT related disciplines in the leading ICT universities of Pakistan. Dead Line: June 30, 2014 For details: http://www.ictrdf.org.pk/

Merit is determined by assigning 40% weight to marks obtained in Intermediate (part-I) (or an equivalent exam). - For those whose Intermediate results are not available, their Matriculation marks are considered. - Marks obtained in the NU Online Admission Test are assigned the remaining 60% weight.

Last 10 days to apply - Hurry up | Dare to be a FASTian :)
All set for admission 2014 - Please visit campus from 0900 - 0400 for application processing
- CFD Campus shines at IT Marathon XTC 2014 organized by NTU, Faisalabad. CFD Team won Speed Programming Competition &  Need For Speed (NFS)



Prayers for Fakhr & his family, he was a FAST grad & PIA engineer.   Reportedly martyred at #KarachiAirport
- Admission application submission from June 09, 2014 #admission2014_Fastcfd
- Students can apply on both NTS & FAST Admission Test #admission2014_Fastcfd











“One of Pakistan’s main concerns is investing in value addition to the abundant human resource,” said the President H.E. Mamnoon Hussain. While addressing the inaugural ceremony of the Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus of the FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences, the President lauded the contribution of the private sector in shouldering the onerous responsibility of the state. The President commended the efforts of the senior management of the University and the m...embers of the FAST Board of Governors for their vision and hard work for setting up this quality seat of higher learning in the rural area of Chiniot-Faisalabad. In his welcome address Mr Wasim Sajjad, the Chancellor of the University, said that FAST-NU has emerged as a quality institution in Pakistan in the private sector. The University, energized by its distinguished faculty and strengthened by its brilliant students, now stands in the highest echelons of education in the country.  The University is always striving to forge new paths for a brighter tomorrow of Pakistan. Mr Qaiser Ahmad Shaikh, MNA, who is also member of the FAST Board of Governors, in his welcome speech, expressed his resolve to make education available to the youth of the area and make the region an educational hub. He opined that only through education can the nation achieve the dream of prosperity and  integrity. The President also awarded medals to the students for excellent academic performance. He also presented souvenir to Barrister Wasim Sajjad, Chancellor, Dr Amir Mohammed, Rector, Rana Ghulam Shabbir, Secretary General FAST, Qaisar Ahmad Shaikh, Member BOG and National Assembly, Chaudhary Mian Khan, Dr Aftab Maroof, Director, Islamabad Campus, and Dr Zia ul-Qayyum, Director of the Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. The Chancellor presented the University Memento to the honourable President. Dr Amir Mohammed, the Rector of the University, in his vote of thanks, expressed the hope that all the stake-holders—the state, the industrialists, the philanthropists, and the academia will work in unison to realize the long standing need of national development and self-reliance.







- Congratulations Muaze Nakhez, Muhammad Hashim and Ahmed Tehsin for winning the Light Painting competition at LUMS Annual Photography Summit (LAPS '14)





 Co-founder - Rockefeller Innovation, LLC, Dubai (www.Rockefeller.In)  Co-founder - 9to5LOL (www.9to5LOL.com) BS (CS) - FAST-NU (2011) - Editor-In-Chief, ONLINE 24, Annual Magazine Farrukh recently made it to the front page of the Express Tribune and was the lead story of the business page, for getting his web-startup, Gagism.com acquired for $100,000 to an Australian firm. Before founding Gagism.com, Farrukh was working as a Digital Marketing Specialist at LG Electronics, Inc. Farrukh was recently featured as an innovation hero by the Punjab government and Google, at the launch of the Innovation Punjab policy.  As a student at FAST, Farrukh had already won two nationwide best blogger awards at Mobilink HTC BlogPad and at the Dell Streak 5 launch. Farrukh was part of the only Pakistani team that made it to the last round of Microsoft Imagine Cup 2011’s Windows 7 Touch category and was also the finalist at mBillionth Awards South Asia 2011, apart from being the software champ of SOFTEC 2011, held at FAST, Lahore. Farrukh was also on the Dean’s List of Honors from 2007-2008 and worked as a TA for Calculus in his last year at FAST. “The hardest lesson to learn, while still being at your undergrad school, is to learn the art of marketing your product. No matter how beautifully coded and designed your product be, if you don’t know how to market it, it’s more or less going to end up as a burden on your hard drive and that’s it. Luckily, I tried to learn this art in my last year, and I’d urge every other student to do the same. I can jot down a long list of international ventures that are being successfully run at the moment, and to everybody’s surprise, they are based in Pakistan. The common key element in all of them is the powerful marketing. If you can learn this art while still being at FAST, while concurrently going through its killing curriculum, there’s no stopping you.” says Farrukh.




- Thank you Arfa Karim. We promise you that we would continue investing our efforts in technical skill development of youth to fulfill your dreams and promise you that this campus in your hometown would become a center of excellence in IT.
Fee submission dates for Spring- 2014 Semester are; January 20, 2014 to January 25, 2014. 



- Daira Sports Battle would be a Tribute to Fastest Man of Asia, Mr. Abdul Khaliq, So its named as Abdul Khaliq Sports Battle
- Campus Ambassadors recruitment drive would be kicked off from tonight and would continue till Sunday Midnight.  Institution can only register through Campus Ambassador... Coordination between Team and Daira Team Looking after the Team Campus Ambassadors would be recognized officially on website and through Certificates. Please email your Name, Institute you belong to, Brief profile about you i.e your credentials and why should you be selected at daira14.fast@gmail.com
- Campus Ambassadors recruitment drive would be kicked off from tonight and would continue till Sunday Midnight.  Institution can only register through... Campus Ambassador Coordination between Team and Daira Team Looking after the Team Campus Ambassadors would be recognized officially on website and through Certificates.
















Dear All There would be no classes in FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus tomorrow whereas campus would remain open. University Transport would not operate tomorrow.  Classes and Exams scheduled on Saturday would be held as per schedule.









High time to bridge gap between industry and seats of higher learning—Says Suhail Bin Rashid, President FCCI Senior industrial and business entrepreneurs and executives, from the Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry, visited FAST National University, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. The delegation, led by the newly elected president of the Chamber, held a detailed interactive session with the students and faculty of the Campus. While responding to different questions asked b...y students, Mr. Suhail Bin Rashid, President, FCCI;  Mr. Muzzamil Sultan, Former President, FCCI; Mr. Farhan Latif, Former President, FCCI; Mr. Inaam Afzaal  Chairman, Standing Committee for IT, FCCI; and Mr. Jameel Ahmed, Executive Member, FCCI, in their talks assured students that despite all local and national odds, and international disadvantages, Faisalabad is one such city, which promises entrepreneurial and professional opportunities to skilled, qualified, and enterprising youth. Director of the Campus, Dr. Aftab Maroof in his concluding address apprised the Chamber about the infrastructural and academic dimensions of the Campus. He said that FAST National University gives youth enough knowledge and knowledge to commence their professional careers with confidence and a firm basis of ethical and moral values to follow the path of goodness. He stressed that the local population should derive optimal benefit from this world-class seat of higher learning. The Chamber delegation also held a detailed meeting with Arfa Karim’s parents, Amjad Karim and Mrs. Karim, on different plans to realize Arfa Karim’s dream of bringing about an IT and knowledge revolution in the region. The Chamber delegation assured that the efforts of Arfa Karim Trust and FAST National University will receive all-out support from the Chamber and the business community. Dr Zia Ul Qayyum, Head, Computer Science Department was also present on the occasion.
 1. Take a really long time to explain what your talk is about. 2. Speak slowly and dramatically. Why talk when you can orate?... 3. Make sure you subtly let everyone know how important you are. 4. Refer to your book repeatedly. Even better, quote yourself from it. 5. Cram your slides with numerous text bullet points and multiple fonts. 6. Use lots of unexplained technical jargon to make yourself sound smart. 7. Speak at great length about the history of your organization and its glorious achievements. 8. Don’t bother rehearsing to check how long your talk is running. 9. Sound as if you’re reciting your talk from memory. 10. Never, ever make eye contact with anyone in the audience.

Experience wears youth down: Turmoil turns to rejoicing for emergent students team. Faculty cricket team makes it to the Semis. Students gave tough time to the faculty team today, but conceded a rather crushing defeat at the hands of talent and experience. Faculty team will make it to the final in a couple of days 









Happy Birthday to the man who is an institute himself. Happy Birthday to Dr. Aftab Ahmed Maroof.






- Be the change you want to see in the country. Happy Independence day





For all those who have been admitted in the FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus  | Batch 2013 | Please request to join the following group for official correspondence. Please inbox your ARN, Section and Roll No. so that we can add you to the group
- Final list of FAST-NU, CFD campus has been updated.
2nd Merit List updated
- In-Case of preference, if you fall for the merit of a particular campus, you may request for placement and it will be awarded if seats are available.
- Second list for all the campuses w.r.t seat availability will be updated on Saturday
- To complete your admission process please visit the campus and bring the following items: Original plus two copies of following academic certificates. - Matriculation/O-Level - Inter/A-Level - IBCC (In case of O/A Level)... - CNIC/B-Form - 3 Recent Photographs Bank Draft/ Pay Order of Rs. 97,500 payable to FAST-National University at your earliest, latest by 25th July 2013.
- All those who have applied for NTS can confirm their status from the Respective campus academic office. All those who are are selected will be receiving their offer letters in a day or two.

- FAST-NU Selection list will be uploaded on website at 12:00 A.M.


- All those who missed the chance of applying to FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus due to any Genuine reason can contact the admission office immediately 92-041-111-128-128






- Admission office FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus will remain open from 9 - 6 for admissions from June 28-30, 2013. For Queries 041-111-128-128









- Third program of our radio campaign series - Achieve - Do give it a hear from 0800 - 10:00 on Dhamaal FM94







 #admission2013fastcds



As the world didn't end in 2012. We hereby announce Admissions 2013. We are offering BS(CS), BS(EE), BS(A&F) and BBA. This album will have sneak-peak of admission activities kicked off from June 04, 2013.
As we have completed an academic year and have announced admissions 2013, Here is a sneak peak to 2012-2013 activities at FAST-Faislabad
1. A student can apply for multi-campuses now on a single test. 2. A student can apply on NTS or SAT or FAST-Online Admission Test #admission2013fastfsd
- Amazing weather and positive vibes all around, So Have you applied for FAST, If not | Do it | Admission Team is all set for processing at Cfd campus #admission2013fastfsd
- Admisison office at FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus is processing applications from 09:00 a.m. to 4 p.m. from Monday to Saturday.


- As a part of Mentoring and Development, Our Radio programme "Ban ja Guru" with Haider Miraj is back on Fm - 94.So tune in to FM 94 in Faisalabad and surroundings from 8 - 10. Online link: http://www.dhamaal94.com/listenlive.html
Admissions Sneak Peak: 1. A student can apply for multi-campuses now on a single test. 2. A student can apply on NTS or SAT or FAST-Online Admission Test


Secretary General, FAST visits CFD Campus on June 13, 2013. He inspected the Marketing Campaign, Admission process and Construction. He highly appreciated the efforts of admission team and designing team.

Dream | Desire | Achieve - FAST Faisalabad kicks off the campaign on this theme for admissions 2013. This pictoral coverage is for admission teams visit to Abdul Salam and KIPS. Stay tuned for updates
- Transportation facility will be available to candidates from opposite to Al-Fateh Store, Jaranwala road from June 17, 2013
Dream | Desire | Achieve - FAST Faisalabad kicks off the campaign on this theme for admissions 2013. This pictoral coverage is for admission teams visit to Abdul Salam and KIPS. Stay tuned for updates

Test Pattern and Sample Test Exams
Grab the copy of Dunya News - FSD| GJW | Lhr edition and find the admission advertisement of CFD Campus


Construction updates on June 01, 2013

As the students are free from their intermediate exams, a career development session was organized by KIPS - A trendsetter in the field of Entry test preperation. Admission Team of CFD Campus setuped their stall and counselled the students on career. In this context almost 600+ students, parents, and citizens attended the session. Issues like Entry Test, best options, future trends and emerging technologies were addressed in this session.  The managing team of KIPS was also d...eeply impressed and had very positive feedback.They  said that choice of area CFD campus did is very wise as these areas are mostly ignored but carry very strong potential. The students were highly motivated towards FAST-NU and their career and had a deep gratitude towards FAST-NU for opening a campus in Chiniot - Faisalabad. Admission Team plans to go to various academies, colleges of twin cities and adjoining areas for Campaign and will spread the message of quality high education.
Team FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus will be present during admission seminar by KIPS in NFAK Arts council by 05:00 P.M. Seek your light - Torch is lit
As the world didn't end in 2012. We hereby announce Admissions 2013. We are offering BS(CS), BS(EE), BS(A&F) and BBA. This album will have sneak-peak of admission activities kicked off from June 04, 2013.
Construction updates on June 01, 2013
Construction updates on June 01, 2013


- Did you missed Mushaira at Dec-Bates, Dont worry tune in to Fm 94 and listen it live




Programmers 101 Battle was an In-house programming quiz competition organized by School of Computing. Students, Faculty and Staff attended the event and appreciated this mode of study.
- Do you know that you can apply for any programme for any campus from any campus of FAST-National University? For example: If you want to apply for BS(Civil Engineering) in Lahore Campus, You can apply and appear for test in any other campus of FAST

An exhibition of the semester projects of FAST School of Computing was organized in the auditorium. Innovative and Productive Ideas were implemented on Bread Boards, ICS and transistor. Director of the campus aling with HoDs visited the projects and highly appreciated the efforts of Faculty and Students.
Programmers 101 Battle was an In-house programming quiz competition organized by School of Computing. Students, Faculty and Staff attended the event and appreciated this mode of study.
- We congratulate the winners of Programmers Battle 101, Quiz Competition based on programming skills organized by the School of computing.
- Do you have any query ? Are you confused about NTS and FAST Admission Test? Do you know that Last date of submission of application is June 29, 2013? Are you confused about your career? | Inbox us all your queries and get immediate solution. Our admission Team is all set to facilitate you.





School of Leadership (SoL) provides a platform for individuals to discover and utilize their unquestionable ability to elevate their lives through conscious endeavor. SoL helps brings about positive changes in people’s (young and old) personal, professional and social lives, which favorably impacts their families, organizations, communities and society at large.  FAST - National University, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus is actively equipping the youth of the country with skills t...o lead a productive life. Employers seek individuals with a diverse set of skills and claim applicants lack the competence to deliver on expectations.  To this end School of Leadership Foundation (SoLF) in collaboration with HongKong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) conducted a program called Unemployed to Employed in Campus on April 26, 2013. The objective was to bridge the gap between job seekers and employers with the aim of improving employability. We want to polish the graduates for skills that are not only required by but also sought after by organizations. The program made a strong analysis of what organizations look for while hiring and the special competency required for a specific job and how to be effective from sending a CV to job interview to being hired.  This training session was conducted by Mr. Arslan Larik and Mr. Zayed Khan from School of Leadership (SOL) Karachi.
Only Education can transform a society into a vibrant entity in all respects, says Mian Muhammad Mansha at FAST National University Chiniot-Faisalabad While add...ressing students of FAST National University, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus at the medals distribution ceremony, Mian Muhammad Mansha, Chairman and CEO Nishat Group and MCB Bank, emphasised a strong linkage and liaison between the industry and the academia. He opined that the society needs more opportunities of free enterprise for economic development. He said that women empowerment through participation and education is close to his heart. The state and society need to afford women more possibilities of education and employment. Dr. Amir Muhammad, Rector, FAST National University, while talking to the students, said that youth cannot afford to be complacent. They have yet to cover a long way. Mr. Qaiser Ahmad Shaikh, Member, Board of Governors, in his speech said that a society can develop its economy only through progress in education, science, and technology. Dr. Aftab Maroof, Director of the Campus in his welcome address informed the audience of the accomplishments the University has made in a short span of only a few months. He said that the Campus has become one of the most vibrant, effective, and rewarding seats of higher learning in the region. The commitment of the faculty, the hard work of the students and the support and guidance of the management has paid off. He informed that in the Fall 2013 degree programmes in electrical engineering BS (EE) and BS in Accounting and Finance will be introduced. Rana Ghulam Shabbir, Secretary General, FAST was also present on the occasion. Students who received medals for their excellent academic performance in the first semester were: Muhammad Usman, Akif Quddus Khan (Gold Medals) and Farwa Ahmad and Rizwan Ali (Bronze Medals) in the BSCS, while Faiza Rasool, Noor Fatima Tahir, and Hassan Sajjad won Gold Medals in BBA.
Only Education can transform a society into a vibrant entity in all respects, says Mian Muhammad Mansha at FAST National University Chiniot-Faisalabad While addressing students of FAST National University, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus at the medals distribution ceremony, Mian Muhammad Mansha, Chairman and CEO Nishat Group and MCB Bank, emphasised a strong linkage and liaison between the industry and the academia. He opined that the society needs more opportunities of free enterp...rise for economic development. He said that women empowerment through participation and education is close to his heart. The state and society need to afford women more possibilities of education and employment. Dr. Amir Muhammad, Rector, FAST National University, while talking to the students, said that youth cannot afford to be complacent. They have yet to cover a long way. Mr. Qaiser Ahmad Shaikh, Member, Board of Governors, in his speech said that a society can develop its economy only through progress in education, science, and technology. Dr. Aftab Maroof, Director of the Campus in his welcome address informed the audience of the accomplishments the University has made in a short span of only a few months. He said that the Campus has become one of the most vibrant, effective, and rewarding seats of higher learning in the region. The commitment of the faculty, the hard work of the students and the support and guidance of the management has paid off. He informed that in the Fall 2013 degree programmes in electrical engineering BS (EE) and BS in Accounting and Finance will be introduced. Rana Ghulam Shabbir, Secretary General, FAST was also present on the occasion. Students who received medals for their excellent academic performance in the first semester were: Muhammad Usman, Akif Quddus Khan (Gold Medals) and Farwa Ahmad and Rizwan Ali (Bronze Medals) in the BSCS, while Faiza Rasool, Noor Fatima Tahir, and Hassan Sajjad won Gold Medals in BBA.




Anyone interested in being a part of EE faculty of FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. Foreign MS will be preffered. Please email your resume at haider.miraj@nu.edu.pk



FAST FAISALABAD UNIVERSITY MEDIA PRODUCTIONS.


Plantation Campaign | Spring 2013 took place on March 19. 2013. Pioneer Batch, Faculty and Staff planted almost 600+ Trees. Healthy Campus | Healthy Environment | Healthy Pakistan.
Tree Plantation Campaign launched at FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. Pioneer Batch, Faculty and Staff planted almost 600+ Trees

FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad campus organized a seminar on “Technology & Management” on March 12, 2013. Mr. Hassaan Azhar, a renowned OD Consultant & HR Professional, was invited as a Guest Speaker. Mr. Hassan has worked with more than 15 organizations like UNDP, BSS, RCG, Technogem, etc. The purpose of organizing this event was to provide the students a platform to voice their ideas and discover more horizons of Technology. It was a segment of a Marketing series of this campus in bridging Academia & Industry. The event was attended by all the students, Faculty Members and Staff.
We hereby formally announce that we will be offering following degree programmes in Fall 2013  - BS EE - BSCS - BBA - BS A&F



Thank you Mr. Wasif Mir, Mr. Ameer Abbas, Mr. Ain ul Abideen Mughal, Mr. GM Shah, Mr. Abdul Wahab, Mr. Hashim Mufti and all the other adjudicators

Thank you all the Teams for participation in Dec-Bates












- Let Chenab witness the battle of classic humor and evergreen poets, Dec-Bates will host 1st Annual Mushaira of the Campus with Anwar Masood, Khalid Masood Khan, Zahid Fakhri, Suleman Gillani and Dr. Inam ul haq Javaid




Kashmir Solidarity Day has been observed on 5 February each year since 1990 in Pakistan as a day of  protest against Indian control of Occupied Kashmir and to show solidarity with the Kashmir people.  Pakistan considers Kashmir as the core unresolved issue between India and Pakistan. This issue has lead  to three wars and devoting a major portion of  Pakistan budget to defense. Kashmir Day was first proposed by Qazi Hussain Ahmad  in 1990. Government of Pakistan adopted it as... national holiday later on.   In this regard a ceremony was held in FSD campus on Feb 05, 2013.  Dr. Aftab Maroof, Director Campus and Mr. Arif Khattak spoke on the occasion. They discussed the importance of this day and talked about different aspects of the Kashmir dispute. Kashmir related poetry of Allama Iqbal and Mr. Ahmed  Faraz was recited. The event served well to create awareness about the issue among  students. The event was attended by all the students, faculty members and staff. Furthermore a Human Chain was made outside by all the students and staff  to show solidarity with Kashmiri cause and people.
As the new semester began, it kicked off with a Mentoring Session
Celeberation of a journey from a concept document to the entire campus









This is with reference to Prime Minister’s National ICT Scholarship Program 2012 for Fall 2012 & Spring 2013 Intakes. We are pleased to inform you that FAST-National University has been selected for ICT Scholarship Programme. Application Form is available for download at www.ictrdf.org.pk/scholarship. The students who are interested & potentially eligible for PMNICTSP 2012 (Fall 2012 & Spring 2013 Intakes) may please check that name of their college is in the list of particip...ating colleges/schools or not www.ictrdf.org.pk Interested & potentially eligible applicants are required to submit duly filled Scholarship Application Form directly by registered mail/courier to the following address not later than 21 February 2013.
This is to inform all Students that the fee submission date for Spring 2013 Semester is extended till Feb 04, 2013.
- Best of Luck to all the students for the result of 1st Semester









FAST Alumni Association Islamabad has started the scholarship fund collection drive. All FAST Alumni are requested to contribute to this scholarship fund. The recommended amount is Rs 4,000/- per annum. This is recommended only, you are free to donate as much as you can manage. The bank account details are 


- Staff Recruitment Test kicked off at campus for support staff
- Best of Luck to all the students for Final Exams. Make your parents proud give your best and leave the rest. Be honest and sincere to yourself. Its alright not to know all the answers. Stay focused.





Yes! We promised and here it is: FAST-National University heading the list of Prime Minister's National ICT Scholarship Program (2012) | Seek your light | Torch is lit  http://ictrdf.org.pk/scholarship/

- We love you as you werent only a person but an institution as well | We will try our level best to make this country like the one you worked for. Happy Birthday Quaid-e-Azam.

Job openings in Faculty & Staff - Faisalabad, Peshawar and Khi campus.
Done with a career development training of Chenab College Chiniot and their visit to campus. Thank you Chenab College and Mr. Ain & Mr. Uzair Ghumman for coaching official debating society of FAST-NU, CFD Campus. All set for Stand up or Depart, Social Action project of Fast School of Managment at Lahore Grammar School, Faisalabad Chapter #ChenabCollegeChiniot #ParliamentryWorkshop #Stanupordepart #FSM

FAST-NU, School of Managment, Faisalabad Campus is kicking off their Social Action Projects on Pakistaniat tomorrow from Chenab College Chiniot. Stay tuned for More updates
 Agenda behind the establishment of sukhan Brief review of the upcoming events The emm game Presentation on creative writing Activity on creative writing


Welcome party was organized for the pioneer batch at FAST-NU CFD on 1st November 2012. The welcome party was attended by the Director, Dr Aftab Maroof; head of departments, Mr Arif Khattak, Mr Adnan Waheed, Mr Ahmad Usman and all the faculty members.  To the utter contentment of the management and the faculty members, the students enthusiastically participated in the event.  Dr Aftab  Maroof, in his inaugural address stressed on the need to work harder and also encouraged the...m to actively participate in extra-curricular activities as it helps boost their confidence.  The students presented impressive skits, songs and other means of expression for their        aesthetic talent. The function was well organized and the performances quite entertaining to which the audience applauded whole heartedly.  The students also took active part in the arrangements such as décor, design studio and other preparatory aspects of the event. This helped them acquire experience in event management which would be beneficial for the forth coming batches as well.   Haider Miraj, the head of student affairs, in his closing speech appreciated the efforts of the students who endeavored to make this event a success.   The whole hearted participation of the students will go a long way in setting viable and           admirable tradition in the campus. This will   further augment and strengthen the sense of proprietorship and ownership amongst the students.


Declamation, a platform where ideas are generated, where adrenaline is pumped into veins to get the audience listening, listening and hanging on to their seat of every word, words that define our society, its problems and youth, youth that has now initialized the chain of bringing a positive change in the world.  In this regard 1st Intra FAST Bilingual Declamation Competition was held in campus on Oct 09, 2012. More than 10 speakers spoke on the event on different topics. Spe...akers voice out their opinions and Chenab witnessed the cries of justice, freedom and democracy. Before Event a workshop was also organized to enhance their speaking skills. Event was presided by Dr. Aftab Maroof, Director Campus and Haider Miraj, Head, Student Affairs while Mr. Arif Khattak was the guest of Honor. Winners of 1st Intra FAST Bilingual Declamation Competition in category of English are Mr. Usman Ghaus – 1st, Mr. Muaze Naukhez – 2nd, Mr. Hassan Sajjad and Mr. Jurree Ullah Sheikh shared 3rd Position while in category of Urdu Mr. Hassan ur Rasheed stood 1st, Mr. Abrar Hussain stood 2nd and Ms. Kainat Sheikh grabbed 3rd position. Dr. Aftab Maroof said that FAST-NU focuses on personality development and extra curricular activities. Event was attended by all the Students, Faculty Members and Staff.
- Designer with Class Mr. Awais Ashraf - Chief Designing officer (Pentalines) - Designed the entire graphics publicity campaign for Faisalabad Campus - A CG artist will be honoring us with his presence in this week for a Photoshop workshop so Stay tuned guys - Its big :)
- Introducing IT in the surroundings of Lyallpur to digitalize Faisalabad #SMM#Mediacom #FASTNUFSD
 FAST E-Gaming Society has been established in the Campus. Following Students have been selected as the office bearers for 2012 – 2013 after interviews and screening.


- Iqbal day was celebrated with full zeal at the campus. Along with it "Gosha-e-Iqbal"  was formally inaugurated by Rector, NUCES and Secretary General, FAST.



1st Mid-term exams of Pioneer Batch are starting from Tomorrow Oct 20, till Oct 23. Best of Luck to all the students.



"Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything — all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure — these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important." - Steve Jobs - Rest In Peace

The campus of FAST National University at Chiniot Faisalabad was inaugurated by Senator Wasim Sajjad, the Chancellor of the University. Former president KCCI Qaiser Ahmad Sheikh, LCCI president Irfan Qaiser Sheikh, Director of the campus Dr Aftab Maroof and a large number of businessmen were present on the occasion, while addressing the ceremony Senator Waseem Sajjad said that FAST National University will give the young students enough knowledge and know how to commence thei...r professional careers with confidence and a firm basis of ethical and moral values so as to follow the path of goodness of integrity and of morality of rectitude and righteousness. The Rector in his speech recalled the genesis of our parent organisation FAST on this historic occasion. He said that although a university of the private sector it is not owned by one persons an affiliated group or a family venture. In fact it benefit is derived by any of the members of the board. Qaiser Ahmad Shaikh, Member, Board of Governors in his address recounted the challenges the establishment of the campus entailed. He stressed that the local population should derive optimal benefit from this world class seat of higher learning. Those present on the occasion included Rana Ghulam Shabbir, Secretary General FAST, Dr Alvi, Dean and Dr Latif Virk, Registrar of the campus. Director of the Campus Dr Aftab Maroof in his welcome address apprised the audience about the infrastructural and academic dimensions of the campus. He assured the parents that their children will receive quality highest education.



Photographers required for orientation of FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. Students travelling from outside Faisalabad will be provided with the tickets.



In-Case you are flunked or your percentage is less then the eligibility criteria mentioned on the website, your admission has been cancelled.  Please contact in 3 working days for refund. After that refund willnt be provided.

We wish students very best of Luck for intermediate results.

Construction updates till 4-9-12



Construction updates till 4-9-12
 Students are encouraged to bring their parents for orientation.  Hostel Students may acquire rooms on Sunday Sep 16, 2012 after 12:00 pm.  We officially welcome pioneer batch to the Family of FAST-NU, Faisalabad-Chiniot Campus.  Seek your light | Torch is lit







For Cambridge Students: This is to inform you that in-case you are flunked in any exam or your percentage is less then the required percentage. Please inform the office within one week so that the refund process is initiated. No Refund will be entertained after 1 week whereas admission will be cancelled.





FAST School of Computing Islamabad receives a special grant from “Microsoft Research (MSR) USA” for Mobile and Cloud Computing Research in collaboration with Project Hawaii – initiative was spearheaded by Dr. Affan Syed (FAST Islamabad) | We are proud of you Dr. Affan Syed for tremendous efforts in R & D department of FAST-NU, Islamabad
All those who were in waiting list for Lahore/Peshawar campus. They may check the website. Revised merit list have been updated on website.
This group is for all those who have been admitted to Faisalabad Campus. We will be keeping them updated regarding all notices, information, forms, etc over here for hostels, orientation, time table and schedule.

Construction updates - July 25, 2012
Nosheen Akram  Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer, SpotlessCity (www.spotlesscity.com) BS - FAST-NU (2003) - President of Debate Society, Editor-In-Chief of Annual Magazine MBA - LUMS (2006) - Editor of LUMS Business Recorder She was the only invited international competitor, was a finalist in the Jungle Business Plan Competition 2006, arranged by Fenwick & West, Silicon Valley. Beat teams from MIT, Yale, and many other top universities with a business plan for a content...-based speech search engine. She is an Entrepreneur - Writer - Debator - Innovator and Techie and she narrates her experience at FAST: "I attended FAST to learn about software engineering - I also learned about friendship, business, and the world." - Says Nosheen Being a FAST graduate is an honor to be worn proudly. My four years of study at this institute helped build a great foundation for the person that I was destined to be and equipped me with the skills that would guide me through continued success in my career. FAST-NUCES offers one of the leading computer science degrees in Pakistan and holds a high place due to its comprehensive curriculum and its practical approach to academic study. I became a successful consultant - for a wide variety of companies - and then started my own. The skills gained from your time at FAST will make you an asset to any organization - not just in Pakistan, but anywhere in the world.
- All those who are selected and didnt get the offer letter yet and want to take admission please visit the campus with  1. Original academic certificates plus two photocopies of Matriculation/O-Level, Inter/A-level, Roll Number slip/statement of entry, Equivalence Certificates, CNIC/B-Form, etc. 2. Three recently taken passport-size color photographs of yourself. 3. Bank draft/pay order of Rs. 92,000/- payable to ‘FAST National University’.
Transport and Hostel Facility will be provided to the students on no profit no loss. Areas and Fee will be defined later. Thank you.
NAT TEST valid till at least June 30, 2012 can apply for admission.

All those seeking admissions must visit the campus in coming week so that everything flows in order, in case you fail to do it your seat will be offered to next candidate.
Answer to FAQ: Refund Policy The Admission Fee and Students’ Club Fund fee are non-refundable.    In case of cancellation of admission by a student, the tuition fee is refunded as per following rate.   Before the beginning of semester  100%... During first week of semester  75% During second week of semester  50% During third week of semester  25% After third week of classes            Nil


This is to inform you that theres no fixed quota for NTS. We will be defining the cut-off marks of NTS tests. Anyone getting marks equaling or exceeding the cut-off is to be offered admission.

The campus timings in Ramadan will be from 0830 to 1430 for Admission Processing. Best of Luck

NTS based result will be uploaded on 22nd July, 2012


Faisalabad campus is the 5th campus of the university. The campus being located in surroundings of textile industry depicts the importance of this industrial area. Construction work has started on nearly 10 acres of land on Faisalabad Chiniot Road (about 9 Km’s from Faisalabad Motorway interchange towards Chiniot). It is expected that a part of the building would be ready to start classes in August 2012.   The new campus will have more than seven faculties including Computer ...Science, Business Management and Engineering. New faculties will be added as per need of time. Currently BSCS and BBA will be offered for fall 2012.     Graduates of this university are well-received by the industry and hold prominent positions in many national and multinational corporations. A large number of university alumni are serving in prestigious institutions and organizations across the world like Microsoft, Oracle, NCR, LMKR and IBM. Along with it a large number of our students are full bright scholars and getting their graduate or post graduate education from very well reputed institutes of world. Our Alumni's are our repute and our brand ambassadors. This album is a small effort to appreciate their efforts and highlight their success stories. Along with it a glimpse of future prospects and how FAST can help you becoming a potential success. Lets Check what they have to say to you regarding "Why FAST?"

Result annouced for MS/MBA.

Construction updates on Faisalabad Campus - July 4, 2012



All those who have applied on NTS are requested to submit their NTS Result and those who haven't can apply till July 3, 2012.
This is to inform you all that Deadline for submission of Admission applications has been extended to July 3, 2012 for all degree programmes offered in all campuses by National University, Admission office of Faisalabad Campus will remain open on Sunday aswell. Office timings will be 1000 am to 1700 am. For Queries 111-128-128

Ban Ja Guru is a series of Radio shows designed for development of "Vision" in youth of today - Last Episode is going to take place today from 10 - 12 on Dhamaal Fm 94, Faisalabad. You may listen it live on website i.e  http://www.dhamaal94.com/listenlive.html - We will be having Dr, Aftab Maroof as a Guru. He is a renowned educationist, Former Director Isb Campus and now Director of Faisalabad Campus so Do tune in at sharp 10 and Ban JA Guru. Sms us your questions and we will help you with answers. Seek your Light - Torch is Lit

If you don`t build your dreams, someone will hire you to help build theirs.
- Admissions in full swing - Did you apply in the Best IT University in Teaching Quality as per HEC? If No - Apply ASAP - 6 Days to go
Chenab Club in collaboration with FAST-National University, Faisalabad Campus brings you a career development workshop. We all have what it takes to be the best. This is a 3 - hour program designed to empower youth through greater awareness of self and the opportunities. In EO-BC, students discover the persona within and explore the opportunities in environment and how to channelize their potential in proper direction. Seek answers to emerging fields, Motivational Injection, ...etc. WHEN: JUNE 28, 2012 FROM 02:00 – 5:00 PM WHERE: LYALLPUR HALL WHO: STUDENTS OF INTERMEDIATE, A-LEVELS AND O-LEVELS AREA OF FOCUS • Self Awareness • Benchmarking • Impact of Environment • Beliefs and Sequence of Change  • Goal Setting and reaching it • Stories that changed the trends • You can, you should, you must • Evaluating opportunities
Khoj - Shauq - Junoon : Fuel for Soul - Tune in to Dhamaa Fm 94 - http://www.dhamaal94.com/listenlive.html






NOTE: All students seeking admission in FAST-NU can bring their documents and get their test scheduled for all the campuses at FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus. Office timings are 9 - 4 Pm. For Queries 111-128-128
For Admissions Apply Online - http://203.124.37.147/OLARv1/application/sLogin.aspx
This is to inform that Students can apply on both i.e NTS and FAST-NU admission Test. You will have to register differently for both and should have two ARNS. Best of Luck

Catch us live on Dhamaal FM94 from 8Pm -10Pm and Ban ja Guru, We will be having Mubbashir Saeed (CEO Manadus), Kanwal Cheema (Cisco) and Ayisha Bashir (Microsoft) - Hume tumpe Man he For those who cant tune in : http://www.dhamaal94.com/listenlive.html



FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus going on air in 10 for Ban Ja Guru - Career Development on Dhamaal FM94. To listen us live : http://www.dhamaal94.com/listenlive.html




Merit is determined by assigning 30% weight to marks obtained in Intermediate (part-I) (or an equivalent exam). For those whose Intermediate results are not available, their Matriculation marks are considered. Marks obtained in the NU Online Admission Test or NTS are assigned the remaining 70% weight.

This album will contain pictures related to admissions 2012.
This album will contain pictures related to admissions 2012.

 Stay Tuned for more updates


  FAST-NU Faisalabad campuses youtube channel is now up and running!  Click the youtube icon on the right hand side tab to watch and subscribe to our latests videos.
FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus is proud of Ms. Maham Kazi pursuing a business degree from FAST School of Management, Isb for handling our youtube channel and amazing videos

All concerned are hereby informed that those who want to take admission in FAST-NU through NTS will have to apply for NTS going to be held on June 24, 2012. Any NTS late than this will not be entertained.




Mr. Yasser Ahmad Bhatti; Assistant Professor of Entrepreneurship and Innovation @ FAST School of Business Islamabad and a PhD Scholar @ Said Business School (University of Oxford, UK) became the first Muslim to win the highly prestigious “Oxford Leadership Prize” in July 2010.







FAST Islamabad Cricket team is Invited to Represent Pakistan in Malaysia Monday, May 28, 2012 Keeping in view the outstanding performance of FAST-NU Islamabad in the recent Past year, University of Malaysia UKM invited Fast Islamabad to International Inter-Varsity Cricket Championship 2012, which is to be played among 8 countries in Malaysia, FAST-NU would be the only team to represent Pakistan. Others teams are India, SriLanka, Bangladesh, Australia, Malaysia, Thailand and China. Tournament is scheduled to be from 1st to 10th June

A hectic recruitment with conducting interviews and 1st formal recruitment of FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus went great Alhamdulilah, Thank you Sir Arif Khattak, Moonis Arif Khan Zubair Amjad Uzair Farooq Ch Naira farooq, Mohsin Ali Khan, Hur asjad, Syed Shabeeh ul hassan and Luqman bhai for honoring us to host you.

All those students interested in paid internship at FAST-NU, Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus for two months Kindly drop their resumes at internees.cfd@nu.edu.pk.
 Accounts Officer                    09:00 10:00 Office Assistant                           10:15 - 11:15 Computer Lab Assistant                 11:30 - 12:30... Accounts Assistant                   11:30 - 12:30 Receptionist                           11:30 - 12:30 Assistant Systems Officer              11:30 - 12:30 Admin. Officer                           12:45 - 13:45 P.S to Director                             12:45 - 13:45

-Preparations kick off at FAST-NU, CFD campus for Admissions 2012.
We will be starting career development workshops in academies  from June 2012. Stay tuned for more updates




Address of Rector FAST-NU on prize distribution of Islamabad Campus and his vision for CFD campus. 
An Interview with Dr. Ayub Alvi (Dean) FAST-NU. This interview was conducted by Chiniot - Faisalabad Campus to answer the queries of students regarding FAST Admission procedure and why should they opt for it.
An Interview with Mr. Rana Ghulam Shabbir (Secretary General) FAST. This interview was conducted by Chiniot - Faisalabad Team for queries regarding standard, vision and plans for Chiniot - Faisalabad Campus.


Really nice chrome extension written by Mr. Tayyab Bin Tariq, Our Proud alumni currently studying at Stanford University. Do check it out, install it and of course "Share It" :) https://chrome.google.com/…/heefgegfbckhnipnjcimogfbdcebkgeo





Dr. Kashif Munir BCS(1998) - FAST ICS MSCS (2002) PhD (2005) - University of Innsbruck Dr. Kashif Munir is one fine gentleman doing his post doctorate from France. And he says :


Majid Azim BBA - 2005 CG Artist- WerPlay I joined FAST in the BBA program back in 2005. I did get admission in CS/TE but BBA seemed like a better option. Although i have changed my field now, but the time i spend in FAST has proven to be very useful. I dont think there is any other university here with such a diverse bunch of students. I personally know tons of students who have molded their future according to their passion regardless of what they learned at FAST. In the end, all that matters is what you are passionate for. FAST, i can say with surety, gives you a platform to follow your dream.
 Don't forget to give your feedback.

Publication of Coffee with Champs and Exploring Opportunities - Building Careers

Best of luck to students for CIE and Intermediate exams.
 Mubashir Saeed Insari is the former president of Dramaf and a corporate trainer. He is an optimizer in the society. His work and efforts are to spark the flames of achievement in one's self being. His story telling and motivation building in the corporate delegates are the key areas of work. He also pushes up the upcoming corporate to strive for the new possibilities they could make in their companies. His key areas of expertise are Communication skills, sales, Negotiation skills, Motivation & Personality development, Self Confidence and Leadership. He pushes the individuals towards exploring new horizons by unleashing their potential and by realizing their responsibility. He creates a bonding between employees and the company and creates a true emotional attachment between each other. His programs “It's possible”, "The selling Knack", “Effective for the Affective” and "Awesome Presenter" have been the most vibrant among corporate companies. My experience at FAST was nothing less than like a tornado. At times i was rolling up at the sky and at times i was thrown down to crush myself. FAST gave me the horizon to see beyond my eyesight, the opportunities to accomplish my dreams and a vision to lead. It gave the  insight and exposure which i never had in my life. I recommend it to the students across the Pakistan to try hard and make yourself part of it because this is the place where you will meet yourself and will have tremendous opportunities to flourish and excel yourself.




NTS Exam is the replacement of NU admission test. Both carry the same weight.  Merit is determined by assigning 30% weight to marks obtained in Intermediate (part-I) (or an equivalent exam). - For those whose Intermediate results are not available, their Matriculation marks are considered. - Marks obtained in the NU Online Admission Test or NTS exam are assigned the remaining 70% weight.

UAN : 111-128-128 is operational for CFD campus.

FAST-NU, CFD campus participates & parntners with Nascon - 2012. NaSCon is one of the biggest events that is organized annually by FAST National University, Islamabad campus. This event comprises of Different Computer Science, Engineering and Business competitions. Teams from all over the country participate in the competitions and show their mettle. Apart from the educational and technical events, there are a lot of entertainment events held so that participants and visitors enjoy the event to the core. 
FAST-NU, CFD campus proudly conducted a career development workshop and an interactive session with Champs of FAST. The National University of Computer and Emerging Science holds the honour of being Pakistan’s first multi-campus University chartered by the Federal Government in the private sector. With the plan of covering yet another milestone with development of fifth campus of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences at Chiniot-Faisalabad, FAST aims to bridge ...the gap between distinctive allumnis and students. The graduates of NU are valued much desirably in national and multinational organizations. Our Guest panel included Assad Safiullah	 Software Engineer	 MicrosoftKanwal Cheema System Engineer	 CiscoSaharash Khan	 Senior Business Analyst	OntarioMdShahzaib Hassan	Chief Executive Officer	 StiffootThis event was in collaboration with NASCON'12.

FAST-NU, CFD campus proudly conducted a career development workshop and an interactive session with Champs of FAST. The National University of Computer and Emerging Science holds the honour of being Pakistan’s first multi-campus University chartered by the Federal Government in the private sector. With the plan of covering yet another milestone with development of fifth campus of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences at Chiniot-Faisalabad, FAST aims to bridge ...the gap between distinctive allumnis and students. The graduates of NU are valued much desirably in national and multinational organizations. Our Guest panel included Assad Safiullah	 Software Engineer	 MicrosoftKanwal Cheema System Engineer	 CiscoSaharash Khan	 Senior Business Analyst	OntarioMdShahzaib Hassan	Chief Executive Officer	 StiffootThis event was in collaboration with NASCON'12.
Done with Coffee with Champs Episode 1 - It was a great session and we were honored to have our champs with us.


Muhammad Mutahir Latif  CEO Epic Technologies Fulbright Scholar MS North Carolina State University BS Computer Science FAST-NU Batch 1999-A Allah Subhan aoo Taala blessed me and gave me the opportunity to spend four of the most memorable years of my life at FAST Islamabad. I was fortunate to have been able to study under such outstanding professors and professionals, who were experts in their domains and were dedicated in imparting their knowledge and experience to us, so that we could become the leading professionals in our fields. Apart from the faculty, it was the environment and atmosphere of innovation and learning that lead myself and so many of my class fellows, juniors and seniors to excel not just in our courses, but in adopting and absorbing the latest tools/technologies that were being used the world over. 

Formally launching 1st episode of 'Coffee with Champs' at Isb Campus on April 19 at 1030 with our champs Assad Safiullah - Software Engineer -Microsoft Kanwal Cheema - Senior System Engineer - Cisco Saharash Khan - Senior Business Analyst - OntarioMd Shahzaib Hassan - Chief Executive Officer - Stiffoot
 Fahad Sohrab is  a brilliant student of FAST NU peshawar campus.He is the CO-FOUNDER and Vice president of YoungPakistan Organisation. A social worker ,activist,  Poet , blogger and a Team leader. Four Pakistani students will for the first time represent Pakistan in London International Youth Science Forum 2012 (LIYSF-2012) to be held from August 16-30. Fahad Sohrab is one of them.

Zaheer Mukhtar Graphics Team Lead (We.r.play) Former President (FAST Multimedia Society) Batch 2004 FAST-NU, Peshawar Campus The dreams of my childhood to become a film director, 3d graphics designer and visual effects director did not seem to become true until i joined FAST-NU back in 2004.It was the place where i used to spent more time than my home because of the love i was getting from my institute and the efforts my teachers and fellows put in to make me well known for the short films, photography, graphics and visual effects i made. The life was full of fun where hard work was counted most. I was  provided the video camera by fast for the very first film of my life and then the support continued and was sent to almost every university level event in Pakistan. By being the president of multimedia society, I had an opportunity of gaining the leadership qualities. being the head organizer of sports competition, fun fairs, welcome, Fair-well parties, mushaira and debates, all taught me how to better organize an event. The practical experience counts most in professional life and that's what you can get easily from FAST. Pressure handling, aah that's just a child play. for being a topper in class for 8 semesters and participating almost in everything, doing a job as a free lancer and working as an RJ in FM101, all at the same time seems humanly impossible but that's what you also learn in FAST, the time management. For me a quality institute is not the one that just make you learn all the fomula's and theory in a course but instead the one that makes you a good and successful human being by polishing the true gem inside you. I had the best times of my life in FAST. The participation in events like NASCON, NUTEC, SOFTEC, TAMASHA and FUDC will remain ever green in my mind. With so many events in an year, how can one gets bored of the tough life in FAST. If i am given a chance to choose any life period from the past, it would definetly be the one spent in FAST.

Its time for innovation - Lets change the trends
FAST-NU, Islamabad Campus Wins CASE Spark 2012 - Business Plan Competition 
 Procom.Net 2012 is a step towards further enforcing the commitment of FAST for the development of Information Technology and Engineering Science related fields in Pakistan. Taking the tradition a step ahead right from 1998, when it first saw dawn, we have 20 competitions lined up with teams coming in from all over Pakistan and from institutions abroad.


Post


Can anyone tell what was the merit of biosciences last year?
The 4th Selection List for UG Admissions 2020 has been announced! Those selected in BS Physics kindly drop your merit numbers.

Private hostel is better or uni hostel ?expenses ka hisaab sa
Physics topical practice mcqs ka link?

Yo guys. People who got into bs maths in the 4 th list drop down their merit positions. Need to estimate the closing merit
Hello I'm a student of 2nd year Mechatronics engineering CEME, NUST.  Some of the tips I found useful during zero days: Stay in Jinnah and Abu bakar hostels as much as you can. Go to study room during your University timings. If a senior catches you, go to any authority in cadet battalion(prefer higher ones like BC or CC) and tell him that it's his duty to protect you. He will handle everything.... Never move in a group. Always Move alone. Seniors are mostly looking for groups. And congratulations to all who are about to become a part of this prestigious institute. In case of any query, feel free to contact me.
Aoa...Anyone here joining EME campus of NUST from Taxila or Wah....I want to ask about transport...Seniors please guide Please approve...
RANT: Yar ye kis darjay ka mazak hai? Latest joining instructions email hui hain jis mai mazeed 2 annexes + covid19 ki testing ka kaha hai. Isse pehlay yahi affidavit by-post bhejay thay. Ye (picture attached) forms basically aik hi cheez. Medical fitness certificate bhi attested hai, aik hi cheez bar bar puchnay ki kia tuk?Har baat k liye alag stamp paper banwao. (Ye mt kehna k wo documents NUST k liye thay, ye walay department k liye hain, aisa kahin bhi nahi hota). Isse pehlay jo joining instructions thi us mai bhi 6 annexes thay ab pata nahi aur kitnay bhejengay

 So the question is that.....  1 : why the per semester hostel accommodation of EME is 49,000/-  while in H-12 it is 24,000/-
Any one selected in pnec mechanical Drop your merit no. Any information will be appreciated
method to apply NET 1
NET say pehly post ki Fsc matric marks bta kar 😢Seniors nay kaha 123 chahye NET may... 140 lylye 484 merit position... Closing 662  Phr post ki hujyga seniors nay kaha confirm in third list...  #ab lgta hai k yeh sawal nust say krny thy 😢 #seniors are not problem nust is a problem ☹️ Rip
Could somebody please recommend the best and most secure private hostels for girls near NUST?
 1..bscs from PIEAS 2.. Computer engg from EME
Drop your merit positions and field! (4th list)

Ye Kia maajra hai, male hostels mn knse phool lgy hn k ziada mehengy hn...😛😁

Jin ko Nust Need base mili he wo yeh detail kesay likhain gay..Admission detail and Have you ever been awarded any other scholarship..Yes or No
Guys eme 80k per semester ni ha mtlb hr semester 80k ni ho gi.20k security ha Jo sirf ab Dani ha 10k mess k charges hn 2.5 months k 49170 ha 6 months ki accommodation k.

Nust ye classes kab organize karta h plz guide
Day Scholars nai bhi corona test krana hoga kya? Because i received this in my joining letter for NBS.  P.s Does anybody know bba, nbs ka course serial no. Kya hoga?
 They just want to know about willingness , they did not tell any field. Matlab Ab seat to confirm hy na??
>>> PEC Need-Cum- Merit Based Scholarship Scheme <<<  Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! It is to be informed that Pakistan Engineering Council (PEC) Pakistan has announced Need-cum-Merit based Scholarship Scheme for the students of Fall-2020, admitted to PEC approved university & engineering program. This scheme is valid for all undergraduate semester students. -Last date to submit application: October 31,2020  For more information and downloading the Application form, visit the following PEC web Portal. Download Form from: https://pec.org.pk/scholarship.aspx
Assalamualikum  I've been granted admission in MS Bioinformatics.  I'm from Karachi. NUST does not have hostel accommodation for masters students yet.  I have some relatives in DHA though.  Can someone please guide me regarding transportation? Van service etc?... I know I have the option for online classes but due to some personal reasons, I don't want to switch to an entire semester being online.  Kindly guide me. Thank you

AOA. I have been selected in electrical engineering in MCS and I have spent a week studying electrical engineering from uet taxila also. Now where should I go ?  Senior guide plz.  And also I have heard that electrical engineering from MCS is simply Telecom engineering ( is it true)  ?
Anyone selected in 4th list of industrial design?
Applied biosciences ki list kb lgay gi? Asking for my cousin??
 P.S  Is the IBCC office open? Or are they still accepting couriers only?
 I Have a Serious Question. What Kind of difficulty a Freshie endures at EME. And What Problems He Has To Face Initially ? THIS INCLUDES ALL RAGGING OR INTERACTION. 
Suggest me a Laptop around 80K. Good for programming/animation.

Anyone who got admission in NUST Baluchistan Campus. Drop your merit no. You Can ask for any sort of guidance related to campus and hostels and essentials required.

Anyone selected in BS Maths or BS physics in 4th list? Drop your merit positions

According to general merit list statistics, there are 372 students with aggregate 90+ in old campus   and 467 students with 90+ aggregate in new campus. Merit will be high this year. PUCIT
Will there be physical class on 19th or online
Assalam-o-alaikum friends... I need one confirmation... Hamari degrees pr sub-campus mention hota hai...ya nahi...
Bhai jo log Seecs mein admission lya aur hostel accommodation ke lye apply Kiya hh .koi response Aya??



ALHAMDULILLAH!HOSTEL ALLOTED FINALLY. 2ND LIST K BAAD APPLY KIYA THA JUST RECEIVED MAIL.

If you people have any confusion in regarding the admission process after selection in merit list then we are here to help you. Congratulations to all of those candidates who are selected in different fields in NUST.
only one person has got verified status for EME hostel UG list......so are they even going to allot hostels and when are they going to allot? APPROVE PLEASE....




The affidavit in hostel form regarding covid is for those  returning to University ya phir so wese hi hai ?


Registration form mein student category aur course serial number mein Kya likhna hai . Plz tell .What to write in student category and course serial number in registration form. Please tell.
Those who got selected in software engg, drop your score(s)

Mera abhi tak admission ni hua nust m .Kia mai admission s paile Ehsaas k lie apply kar skta hu.Please help.I haven't got admission in NUST yet. Can I apply for admission first feeling. Please help.
Plz can one tell ke hostel walo ne forms ke alawa Kya cheezien le Kar jaani Hain?
Ye politics Wala affidavit har department ke bacho ko milta hai Kya?
Is ibcc main office open or do we have to send them the certificates via courier for Alevels equivalence

Any one got the admission in nbc??
do we need to submit all the required documents on the first day of joining, i.e. 19th of october, or on orientation day? thank you in advance!
People Selected in BS 4th Merit List in Following Programs?? Chemical Engg H-12 Electrical Engg EME Computer Engg EME
Electrical Engineering MCS main kis kis ka admission hua hai?

Admin Approve. Do we have to bring Affidavit and Medical fitness Certificate along with us on Orientation? Selected at SCEE, batchmates help

Those who got adm in SEECS this year, and are DAY SCHOLARS, do we have to sibmit corona report too?
Registration form par konsa registration no likhna hai. I have written cms id?Which registration number should be written on the registration form. I have written cms id?

Those who have selected for BS Chemistry in 4the list  drop Your merit position!

Anyone who got hostel confirmation  from mcs nust?

Sindh MDCAT 2020 PMC has removed the Press Release regarding SINDH MDCAT from Facebook & Twitter too. Now ready for NTS Test which will be held on 18th October.
Hazrat Ali (R.A) said in the respect of teachers, "If a person teaches me one single word, he has made me his servant for lifetime." Mustafa Kemal Atatürk also ...said,  "A Good teacher is like a candle, it consumes itself to light the way for others."                                       
Those of u who got admission into bs maths or physics in the 3 rd list drop your merit positions plz. Even if u don't intend to go there
Who have gotten admission in BS Chemical Engineering? 🌚



PNEC ki mechanical achi hai ya phir NED ki ??
4th merit list has been uploaded.
IS IT NECESSARY TO SUBMIT THE REPORTS OF COVID 19 ON THE DAY OF ORIENTATION???

It is for all LLB students who have not yet selected but given LAT,I want to say that wait for  some days because in joining letter of LLB selected it is clear that without LAT score they are ineligible to join.Now wait for some days inshaallah merit will decrease.
Those who got selected for NNBS and after admission, applied for EHSAAS, what did they selected on the option of availing other scholarship...???

Anybody got admission in PNEC karachi on army/airforce reserved seats? What are the requirements before reporting? Explain: Police verification  Personal Data form... College surety bond Hostel accomodaton

Is there any one who's doing Ms mechanical engineering from CEME?




When will the fourth list be installed
Is there any dress code for orientation at PNEC?

What are the total marks for NET of social sciences? And does anyone have past papers?
NExt list expected on?
Anyone from BS Chemistry? I have some questions, kindly ib.


4th list me MCS me software engineering ka closing merit no kya h
https://youtu.be/3PRcjLShRcY  listen the lectures carefully.

asking for friend  can a candidate apply for GAT in 7th or 8th semester or is it necessary to complete bs first
Has anybody dropped out of ID after they weren't upgraded?
Seecs wale guide krdein zara ke pics attest karwani hain ke nai? Selection letter me attested photographs likha hai but joining instructions me sirf bola hai ke apne or father ke sign...kaya kiya jai?
1. COLLEGE SUREITY BOND SIR HOSTEL STUDENTS KO FILL KARNA HAI YA CIVILIANS KO BHI?

How can we apply for changing Hostels?
Waesae tu hopes nahen haen k CS ka merit low hoga...but by the way 4th list kub lag rahi hae...






Any hostilize MS student from CEME ?

 which one and why give explanation?


Anyone from chemical engineering who received email about orientation

Is there anyone from mcs jisy hostel allot hua ho??
Hey everyone! MBA ki classes and orientation ka kiya scene hai?
S.E( MCS) ka merit second list and third list main kitna h? And end kaha tak hoga.?S. How much is the merit of E (MCS) in second list and third list? Till when will the end be.?

Can we get medical health form signed by a dentist given that they have valid PMDC number and stamp?

Who is selected in civil engineering (SCEE) Islamabad in 4th list? Admin approve this post plzzz.
Preference change kase krni ha?

Anyone who can clarify total kitni lists lagay gi?

Punjab Students can follow only UHS syllabus for National MDCAT 2020.  Students are not required to study any additional syllabus or material & PMC will not announce any new syllabus this year. It will be ensured that paper will not be out of topics provided.   PMC Notification On Official Website



Which is best for net preparation step by pgc or kips?
Closing merit for Bs eco?
Anyone knows the joining dates of MCE,Risalpur.

EE SEECS se kon kon hai?

Anyone who got selected for LLB.. Kindly share your merit position

S3h aur Nbs orientation aik sath hogi?
Anyone selected in NBC quetta CS drop ur merit pLz
Which is better for CIVIL engineering? From every aspect



Will there be proper orientation or just form checking and registration? Kindly reply.
When will the selection upgrading stops? Mene abhi nust ko mail nai ki to stop my selection process, why isn’t my program upgraded further in the 4th list?

For nbs students who were asking about mail from respective department joining instructions have been issued.
BS Chemical engineering SCME ma kn kn arha hai?
Anyone jo 4th merit list ma select howa ho? Kindly tell your merit position and department THANKs
Aoa Everyone The guys who selected in Nust CEME and wanted to avail hostel accommodation..then it's true that you have to pay 80k.. So we all Junior's decided to mail them.. Is par mail karein.. Min 100 mail required..... Subject: NUST CEME HOSTEL DUES ISSUE



Mcs 1st year students, did any of you receive an email from the department regarding enrollment?




Anyone here who gave nets last year and now is preparing for NET-1 (business test) ?
4 merit list kb lg rhi hai
14 oct ko LLB selected students ko bulaya hai..   😊😊LLB selected students are called on 14th October.. 😊😊
Anyone got hostel at MCE,Risalpur.  Please guide me what is the procedure for applying for MCE hostels. Please!


Anyone jo s3h me select hva hai kindly ib I have some querries to ask for filling forms

Hi guys, please give me all material/topics/video links/ google drives/ book suggestions for preparation for NBS AND S3H test.  I am appearing in NET-1 and need all the topics I have to cover. Please HELP me. If you have any imp advice or tips please share them too.  God bless you all 😇
Any idea how many lists will come out this time? Like, will it go till 6?

I'm really stressed!! I put in the address of my private hostel for the postal address and now they send me this mail.. Is there any turning back now?! I really need the hostels.. 😥😥
Is NUST for UGs really opening from 12th of October? And orientations of all schools is on 12th? Because we haven't got any official news/mail regarding orientation and commencement of regular classes.
Ehsas scholarship k form pr Nust Islamabad ka option hi nhi h Nust Rawalpindi h to ab hm kia yhi lgae ge??
3 se 4th list pe kitna merit jump krta hai? Seniors please reply.

What about doing civil engineering from NUST Risalpur? Serious suggestions plz
credit goes to Waleed Bin Tahir.. maina siraf 3rd list add ki
Salam  Chemical engineering or mining engineering  Which one is good
Computer engineering merit is at 1870 in second list, do you think it can drop till 1970 as I have merit number 1967? Please help
Aerospace engineering Ka kitna merit ruka ha?
Anyone selected in ID in the 3rd list. And plz mention your merit no.

My father runs a business but in ehsas scholarship form,  employer name and contact number is being asked. Can someone guide?
Can anyone tell that for hostel form  these documents are required. But we have already sent the paid slip during selection process. So ab Kya candidate copy attach karein ge.
Merit number: 624 What social sciences and business studies fields I’m eligible for to get into?  And for further upgradation?
What About Doing Electrical Engineering FROM MCS?

LLB WALO ...Drop your merit positons!!
 Assalam-o-Alaikum!... All Brothers, Sisters, Seniors & Juniors of all departments of NUST. (Please help us...... We really need your help and kind support) All of you understand and feel, how much it is difficult to prepare for NETs. Students spend their precious time and money, just to take admission in NUST. Even, some students waste their 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST.  Now, if someone is get selected in LL.B and doesn't have LAT Score, is it fair to drop him/her for not having LAT score, even he/she has already wasted his/her 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST? If he/she has worked hard and has got 130+ score. Is it justice to ignore their NET score just for LAT? I'm more than hopeful, all of you will understand our problem. We've already wasted our 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST. Please help us and save our golden years. EMAIL Email Address(s) studenthelpdesk@nust.edu.pk ugadmissions@nust.edu.pk satadmissions@nust.edu.pk naukhez.sarwar@nbs.nust.edu.pk prog.coord@nbs.nust.edu.pk ahkhan@s3h.nust.edu.pk I'm writing this email to make a request to you. It's humble request to you, please allow the students to take admission in LLB program on provisional basis (without LAT). Please allow the selected candidates to appear in next LAT and ask them to submit 50% LAT score. In case, if they succeed to secure more than or equal to 50% LAT score, then let them to continue their studies. In other case, if they get less than 50% LAT score, drop them immediately. And, judicial paper should be used for this purpose.



Anyone selected in NUST Balochistan Campus in 3rd list. Drop your merit No.
Someone please guide me for nust NBS preparation? Which books to get and how to prepare?
Anyone here who has applied for ehsas scholarship phase 2????

Aoa everyone....Hope you all are doing well....I am going to make A group for Net(NBS AND S3H) so anyone wanaa join...Dm me
In which university admissions of CA are open in rwp and Islamabad??
#Ms_peoples  what are the closing merit positions of seecs AI and Autonomous system in 2nd merit list?
 Pakistan Engineering Council has announced Need-cum-Merit based Scholarship Scheme for the student of Fall-2020, admitted to PEC approved university & engineering program. The application form can be downloaded here: https://www.pec.org.pk/downloads/
What is the merit for Forman Christian College University undergrad psychology program? they have no info on their website.


Ajeeb 😒😑 I was selected in the 1st merit list and they still put me in the waiting list.
Aoa,  I just received my Alevels certificate now my question is do we have to send nust the equivalence certificate , if yes then whats the deadline.  P. S i was selected in first list and have submitted my documents but i heard from someone that we have to submit the equivalence certificate of Alevels aswell afterwards.  TIA


Guys wo log Jo 80k hostel fee afford ni Kr skty r installments krwana chaty hn DM me.jin ka serious issue ha sirf wo like agr koi orphan ha ya koi severe financial issue face Kr rha ha.
kisi ney alevels june 2020 ki IBCC se equivalence banwaai hei? if yes, PLEASE share your alevels (june 2020 series) grades as well as olevels grades. i need to know about the scale that was used because this year they said because of covid 15%marks will not be deducted.
What's the meaning of Credit hour? Like i saw in fee structure  7000 per credit hour

Aoa Everyone The guys who selected in Nust CEME and wanted to avail hostel accommodation..then it's true that you have to pay 80k.. So we all Junior's decided to mail them.. rector@nust.edu.pk Is par mail karein..... Min 100 mail required.. Subject: NUST CEME HOSTEL DUES ISSUE Also main on webmaster@ceme.nust.edu.pk

 Assalam-o-Alaikum! All Brothers, Sisters, Seniors & Juniors of all departments of NUST. (Please help us...... We really need your help and kind support) All of you understand and feel, how much it is difficult to prepare for NETs. Students spend their precious time and money, just to take admission in NUST. Even, some students waste their 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST.  Now, if someone is get selected in LL.B and doesn't have LAT Score, is it fair to drop him/her for not having LAT score, even he/she has already wasted his/her 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST? If he/she has worked hard and has got 130+ score. Is it justice to ignore their NET score just for LAT? I'm more than hopeful, all of you will understand our problem. We've already wasted our 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST. Please help us and save our golden years. Email Address(s) studenthelpdesk@nust.edu.pk ugadmissions@nust.edu.pk satadmissions@nust.edu.pk naukhez.sarwar@nbs.nust.edu.pk prog.coord@nbs.nust.edu.pk ahkhan@s3h.nust.edu.pk I'm writing this email to make a request to you. It's humble request to you, please allow the students to take admission in LLB program on provisional basis (without LAT). Please allow the selected candidates to appear in next LAT and ask them to submit 50% LAT score. In case, if they succeed to secure more than or equal to 50% LAT score, then let them to continue their studies. In other case, if they get less than 50% LAT score, drop them immediately. And, judicial paper should be used for this purpose.

Hello people i am a student of alevels and want to give NET( for engineering) in December but i haven't started any preparation yet. Can someone guide me about how to prepare for NET in the remaining time and get 150+ score.
Electrical Engineering Electronics from Comsats Abbottabad or Electrical Power Engineering from Uet Peshawar (Self)
Is there any difference between "not selected" and "not yet selected".


 Assalam-o-Alaikum! All Brothers, Sisters, Seniors & Juniors of all departments of NUST. (Please help us...... We really need your help and kind support) All of you understand and feel, how much it is difficult to prepare for NETs. Students spend their precious time and money, just to take admission in NUST. Even, some students waste their 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST.  Now, if someone is get selected in LL.B and doesn't have LAT Score, is it fair to drop him/her for not having LAT score, even he/she has already wasted his/her 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST? If he/she has worked hard and has got 130+ score. Is it justice to ignore their NET score just for LAT? I'm more than hopeful, all of you will understand our problem. We've already wasted our 1-3 years just to take admission in NUST. Please help us and save our golden years. Email Address(s) studenthelpdesk@nust.edu.pk ugadmissions@nust.edu.pk satadmissions@nust.edu.pk naukhez.sarwar@nbs.nust.edu.pk prog.coord@nbs.nust.edu.pk ahkhan@s3h.nust.edu.pk I'm writing this email to make a request to you. It's humble request to you, please allow the students to take admission in LLB program on provisional basis (without LAT). Please allow the selected candidates to appear in next LAT and ask them to submit 50% LAT score. In case, if they succeed to secure more than or equal to 50% LAT score, then let them to continue their studies. In other case, if they get less than 50% LAT score, drop them immediately. And, judicial paper should be used for this purpose.
ANNOUNCEMENT- NUMS ENTRY TEST 2020 (FOR ADMISSIONS IN MBBS/BDS) MDCAT 2020 Admit Card/ Roll No Slip will be generated in respect of all the eligible candidates. Candidates are required to download it from NUMS official website by entering his/her Passport or CNIC/ NICOP/ Form B number which was provided at the time of registration from 07 October 2020 onwards. MDCAT 2020 entry test will be conducted on 11th October, 2020 NUMS website: www.numspak.edu.pk #NUMS #PMC #MDCAT #Admissions2020 #MBBS #BDS #nums_for_the_nation
AOA  I have selected in EE in CEME. My merit position is 1548. Meme suna ha EME me Ragging bht ha. Is it true.
Guys who have applied for hostel in eme get ready to pay 80k . Hostel status is being verified.


If you have got selected in LLB program without LAT at NUST and want to pursue LLB degree, plz choose this subject line and send this screenshot/email to NUST email address(s)
MCE or EME ka hostels ks lis ksa apply krna ha?
Aoa.....Everyone I am making a group for the preparation of Net1(NBS and s3H)..If anyone interested to join plz inbox me....JazakAllah..
can anyone tell me the scope of bs metallurgy and material engineering? plz

Am i the only one jis ko joining instructions nhi milen?for seecs
Guys anyone intrested in online earning dm me


Kya NUST ma spring admissions hoty hy?¿

* Civil Engineering Scope* Civil engineers conceive, design, build, supervise, operate, construct and maintain infrastructure projects and systems in the public and private sector, including roads, buildings, airports, tunnels, dams, bridges, and systems for water supply and sewage treatment. Many civil engineers work in planning, design, construction, research, and education.


My admission in NUST seems impossible this year. And, I'm willing to take NET 1 in December, Inshaa'Allah. I want to ask that which books should I study for maths and IQ.? Secondly, I've done FSc (Pre-medical),and am I only eligible to apply for S3H? Can't I apply for NBS?
Aoa....hope you all are doing well.....I am going to make a study Group Net(NBS +S3H)....Any one wanaa join dm me....


What was the closing merit position of industrial design in 3rd list?
I'm selected in material engineering, SCME. I want to take this field. What do I do now? I've emailed and informed them. That's it?
Nust CEME ki hostel allotment kb sa start ho gi?


Can anyone tell me k Agar hm late select hote h list me like 5th or yth merit list then tb tk tu orientation khatam ho jae ge or classes bhi start ho chuki ho ge phir hmare classes tu miss ho jae ge
Those selected in the 3rd list for BS Physics kindly drop your merit numbers.




any update on hostel allotment in EME?

Hostels ka quarantine kb khtm ho ga??ye bahir kb hostel se bahir jane de ge
hello guys ,yar mcs ke hostel ka kya seen ha ,kese form bhejna ha
If you have got selected in LLB program without LAT at NUST and want to pursue LLB degree, plz choose this subject line and send this screenshot/email to NUST email address(s)


Material science  engineering from PIEAS or from IST or from NUST? Seniors plz guide.
My merit position is 88(Chemistry) For Pg Admission? Kia koi chance hay 3rd ya 4rty list main name any ka? 2nd merit list kahan pr ruki? Kon c merit position pr?
 Mere liye please duva kren k mera NUST me admission ho jaye  Me already NUST k liye aik year waste kr liya hai agr NUST me is dafa b na hva tw mera yeh year b waste ho jana hai  😢😢... And mery paas koi aur option b nhi hain  Is dafa merit b unexpected increase ho gia hai   

Alhamdulilah in Qaid of Nust for 5 Days and soo on🎉♥️
Closing merit of BS Economics in 3rd list? Has anyone any idea?

I am selected in Bs mathematics. Not selected in physics yet,  now if i didn't pay fee till 7 oct, will i be considered in bs phy next merit list or not ? Plz someone guide me in this regard. Thanks❤
Under graduate programmes walo ne corona test kab karana hai ? Cauz day scholars sirf orientation par aye ge  for submission of certificates and har koi nahin asakta Roz tu 1 week ya few days ke gap se 19 ko aye ge tu corona test orientation se pehle hi karana hoga tab bhi?
Can anyone tell me kin uni ke admission 6 months baad dobara open ho ge??PLZ HELP!!!
Ye to lol ho gaya CS and SE

Electrical engineering from PIEAS                               Or Electrical engineering from EME 
Ndu k spring admissions open hun gay ya nahi?
Closing Merit of MTS .. 😅 Mechatronics ka merit Mechanical sy Zyada ho gya ..

metallurgy and materials engineering  from pieas or avionics engineering from IST?
If you have got selected in LLB program without LAT at NUST and want to pursue LLB degree, plz choose this subject line and send this screenshot/email to NUST email address(s)
I have selected in material engg but wants computer engg, should i wait for 4rth list or take admission n apply fot transfere

Greetings, Those who got selected in LL.B  without LAT and interested to take admission in NUST. Please comment here or inbox me ASAP.

Who else is selected in Naval Architecture (PNEC) and how many of you are going for it?
Is there any  scope of computer engg from any uni?
NUST PNEC KI PEHLI CLASS KAB SE START HAI?
Shifa tameer e millat university islamabad ki kya ranking hai and unka spring admissions open huty hain ya nahi?
Mechanical SMME 444 CS SEECS 730  Aerospace 388  2nd and 3rd List ka Closing Same he... Congratulations jo jo Select ho gyeh

Anyone selected in social sciences ( any Field) in 3 list. What is ur merit position?

What is scope of IT now a days? need suggestions


What's the lsst merit position for industrial design in 3rd list?
Those selected in 3rd list for erospace engeering plz drop your Merit number..


ee at seecs
Mass Comm 3rd list, Dropdown your merit number if you got selected.
Public Administration 3rd list Anybody got selected drop your merit number
Does anyone know the NET marks of closing merit of mechanical eng of SMME and CEME? And also their merit numbers.
Plz any one guide me menw olevel kia h or cota system ki waja sai inter kia first year mai 48 air h lr second year mai.51 so plz mujhy batao mujhy BE krnw h  plz kia kru mai.agr improvement dyti hu tu December mai hu gai improvement or nust ka kb test h entry q kai dec mai jb improvement du g tu firn marksheet nhi ay h or mujhy jan mai admission chahiya yeh agr mai nhi dyti improvement tu mujhy abhi kn.c feild mai.mila hPlease any one guide I have oleveled the menu and inter due to the small system, I have 48 air in the first year and second year. 51 so please tell me, I want to do it too, please what should I do. If you give improvement then there will be a test of improvement and nust in December, when will you give improvement in many dec, then marksheet has not come and I want admission in life, if I don't give improvement then why don't you want me now. In c field. Got it
For Architecture.  Any chance I can get in eith merit position 103 in later lists?? The chances seem slim though.
Closing merit of software engineering (mcs) rawalpindi?

Those who got selected in bs Psy in 3rd list kindly drop your merit position
Drop ur merit  positions of Electrical engineering mcs ...
Is comsat is best for computer engg or nust?

Drop your merit positions and the field you got selected in ! (3rd list) Merit compile krna hai!
Guys need a bit help. What is the procedure of being considered for other fields. Is there any form for change of preference to be sent?



Is there any senior doing civil engineering(3,4  semster walay ya above wlay )  from NUST or from any other university. YR plzz agar koi ha to plzz comment kr day thori dair us bahi ka sir khaon ga  but Inshallah poori zindagi ahsaan mand  rahoon ga i know basic study of civil engineering but need to know something else ALLAH sb ko khush rakhay Ameen!
Kya FAST mein abhi admission open hain ??Is admission open in fast now??
Do you want to send selection letter
 Asalam o Alaikum, I want my fellow NUSTians, who have lived in hostels near the main campus, to recommend a good hostel in the vicinity of the main campus.  Thanks.

Drop ur merit position if you are selected in BS Chemistry !
LLB ka merit kha roka hai?
Which one is best  Civil from Nust Computer software from FAST  Civil from giki  Or ... Chemical engineering from PIEAS  Plzzzz give me serious option
Closing Merit of CIVIL ENGINEERING IN H-12 ?
Closing merit of BSCS H12 3rd list?
MCS ma hostel k Lia kase apply krna ha.plz guideHow to apply for hostel in MCS. Please guide
Ye jo Pcr test ha konsi library sy hoga kindly guide krdoo🙏🙏
I need guidance for the masters admission test...mainly GAT for the june admissions, i need a good score so that i can score an admission and thats why ill start studying early
NUST LLB KA MERIT KAHAN TAK GAYA HAI DOSTO?AGAR KISI DOST KO ILM HAI TO BATAE.
PUCIT or Comsats(isb) for cs?
Anyone selected in cs seecs 3rd list drop your merit




My admission in NUST seems impossible this year. And, I'm willing to take NET 1 in December, Inshaa'Allah. I want to ask that which books should I study for maths, physics, Chemistry, English, IQ and GK. Guideline required for Geo-informatics, CS/IT and mechanical engineering...
CSE(MCS) 2020 batch selected candidates drop a comment..


747 and not selected in nust seecs CS.. anyone who got selected in third list drop your merit no
*** Admin approve please** Let's analyze pc seats competition.. Drop your merit position. Mine 1466 Yours????

Got response regarding the hostel issue. Will they actually get back to me ya phr sirf tarkhaya hai? 😕
Which laptop will be good for civil engineering. Please guide.

Agr main nust k ksi aur campus main jaon like quetta campus main to main h12 shift kr skta hn aur jis field main quetta main hoga usi main shift hoga ya ksi aur main b kra skty ?????

To the Freshmen, Hi, I’m a 2nd year student of Electrical Engineering in CEME, NUST and wanted to share something with my upcoming juniors. Most of you are confused, alone and scared. For me, the first months of university were torture. I had no friends, no one to ‘buck me up’ after a bad result or a teacher’s scolding as my friends did in college. The ‘interaction’ with the seniors did not help this predicament at all. For three months I would pick my bag up and literally ru...n off home as soon as the class was dismissed. Then one day, sir Hamza Khalil comes up to me, tells me to put my ID card in my pocket and follow him. He takes me to the café and there I have the best Roll Paratha of my life. And gradually, the clouds seem to be going away, revealing a brilliant blue sky. Similarly in class, a fellow recognizes I’m struggling to get by and introduces me to some friends. We talk for what seems like hours, ranting on about how pathetic our lives are. The seniors in the bus became lenient, the gym and the sports complex were open to the juniors, we went on epic trips together and before I knew it, university seemed like home. Know that even alone you won’t be alone. You’re always one text away from your friends and all you simply have to do is reach out first. They might need you more than yourself. Be prepared to make the best memories of your life.
Those who got selected in geoinformatics evoirnmental and materials in 3rd list plz drop ur merit position


can anybody kindly tell me about the closing merit positions in third list of the following 1. Bs Phy 2. Bs Maths 3. Bs Chem 4. Material engineering... 5. Environmental engineering 6. Geo informatics engineering Also can you tell me the engineering field with lowest merit in the third list.
Tou Phir Hostel kay scene kuch yun hain.
Kya eme k charges yearly pay karne hote hai hostel aur mess k
anybody know what's the closing merit of mcs electrical engineering in 3rd merit list??


To All those who appeared in NET NBS and got selected in their respective programs, many many congratulations to you guys. May Allah remove all your hurdles in your way to success.❤✨ Can you ppl please guide me about how to prepare for NET-1 NBS as there is no specific material on google for it. Recommend some books or online tutors if mandatory. (This request is to each & every person in this group who appeared in NET NBS this year, that would be a huge favor).
Those selected in the  3rd list for BBA drop your merit position

Assalam o alaikum! So i got admission in seecs electrical but still waiting for cs 3rd merit list... Anyways can anyone tell me about private hostels near Islamabad campus? Thanks in advance!


can anybody kindly tell me about the closing merit positions in third list of the following 1. Bs Phy 2. Bs Maths 3. Bs Chem 4. Material engineering... 5. Environmental engineering 6. Geo informatics engineering Also can you tell me the engineering field with lowest merit in the third list.
(Freshmen Hostel Boys) Yaar aap logo ko jo rooms mile hn andr wahan aap k seniors ka kuch samaan pra hoga so usse matt cherna yaar hm aa kr utha lenge... Thanks
For those selected in 3rd merit list in acf plz comment your merit position.
Kisi ka NBC quetta howa ?  Agr howa to merit no ?  Zalimo ny is baar Quetta ko b brha dya 🤦‍♂️



What is the last selection merit number in second list for industrial design?
Kisi ka bs cs ma howa ha admission seecs ma?
Anyone knows architecture closing merit for 3rd list???
Tell me guyz s3h ki fields ka 3rd list me closing merit kya rha
3 days pahly corona test karwaya tha but report ab tak nahe ai
Guys who are selected in MTS 3rd List Drop you Merit Position...
What is the closing merit for BS Chemistry in 3rd list?

what is actually the last date to apply for ehsaas scholarship?

Pnec EE kis 3rd list kis par close hoa ha...?
Merit Number : 692.  Haven’t been selected in second merit list for any discipline.  What are the chances for 3rd list for mass comm? Closing merit for Mass comm first list (617)... I have emailed nust about second merit list closing numbers as well. EDIT : 2nd list closed at 652 EDIT 2 : Not selected in 3rd merit list as well
 Drop your Univeristy name and department.
Is there anyone jis ka 3rd list ma EE SEECS ma admission howa hn?

So here we are again! The 3rd selection list for UG Admissions Fall 2020 is out!  Visit ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk and find out if you've made it. Congratulations... to all those who have been selected. We are super excited to welcome you to our #NUSTfamily. Last day to submit fee and documents for the 3rd selection list candidates is October 7, 2020 (11:59PM).

Last merit position for bs chemistry in first selection list
Seniors guide plz, i am from karachi. Mje nust pnec mn electrical ki call a gyi hai on naval quota seats and mn ne NED university karachi mn bh apply kya hua hai, uska aggregate itna hai k hopefully lnShaAllah mechanical mil jaye gi.. Serious suggestions plz k mje kahan jana chaiye pnec electrical ya ned mechanical?? (Keep my own interest aside for a while plz)
Jin students na fsc pre engineering sa ki hu aur wo next computer science kra us ku koi masla ata ha ya sab khuch basic sa hi start hita ha
Got admission email ....quetta campus ...😅 ...need guidance

Any senior in material engineering department? Want to talk in detail about the field.
Kb lge gi list.🤔When will the list be taken? 🤔 🤔




 Meri baat kaan khul kr sunlou. Tum sabh loug ab 2nd october ko uni jaa rahey aur hum 11th ko aa rahey. Agar hamarey rooms ka saman idhar udhar bhi hua na.. unki khair nahi xD. ... Its a humble request.. please hamari chezon ko idhar udhar ghuma mat dena. I hope you guys will cooperate. Peace out✌️

What is the merit to get admission in NUST?? For Software Engineering...
Aoa Ye post unn ke liye hai jo Dec me Net 1 dene ka soch rahay hain... Kuch log pooch rahay hain ke hum kahan se tayari karein? Konsi books lein ya konsi academy join karein!??  Pehli baat aap logon ke iss saal ke 2nd yr ke papers ki wajah se hi poori Fsc ka result aaye ga so try to focus on that jo ke yaqeenan aap log kar rahe hon gay...  Doosra point ye hai ke jab hum apni course ki kitabein parhte hain to saare concepts wohi hote hain jo aap ke entry test me aate hain... Aur kuch basic baatein bhi poochi jaati hain Abhi agar aap iss ko apnay uper sawaar kar lein gay to Allah na kare aap ke 2nd yr pe asar andaaz ho sakta hai I am not degrading anyone who is preparing for this Net 1 but the main point is to relax yourself and take this chance as an experience. When you will take this test, you will easily understand that it can be aced with smart study, concepts and practice(jo ke mene nahi ki aur thora sa iss baat pe dukh hai) in upcoming Net's. Aagay aapki marzi... agar aap abhi iss position me hai ke 2nd yr aur entry test ko saath le kar chal sakte hain to zaroor extra kitabein parhain aur practice karein.. Allah kamiyaab kare...
Which one is best LLB or engineering.
Please Clarify ❗️ In University Registration No. Portion ( EHSAAS Scholarship form ) Whether we have to write CMS ID or Roll No. ?
Anyone with Razi-II hostel?
Most Urgent  Dear Admission Aspirant students,  QAU allowed all the applicants who applied for Undergraduate (Morning) Fall-2020 program and not selected in any Discipline/Department, they can Opt for evening program till 06-10-2020.  Applicant have to fill the requisite application form for shifting of their online data from BS (Morning) Programme to BS (Evening) Programme admissions Fall Semester-2020 and submit it by hand in the Camp Office of Admission Section, (Basement ...of QASMS Building) Near Football Ground till 06-10-2020 positively.  No application form will be entertained after due date. The admissions will be made as per admission policy Stay safe, stay blessed by following the SOPs. Let’s join the county’s leading academic and research institute for better future.
Koi muje NUST k entry test ki series k baaray mein guide kre k kb kb de skte hain test.. Main abhi 2nd year mein hun
Assalam u alaikum! Dear Members Congratulations to all those who r selected in 2nd merit list for Masters at NUST.............. Dear fellows who r selected in the master Proagrams: 1. 641 Energy Syatems 2. 644 Electrical Engineering (Power) Kindly drop ur merit numbers who r selected only 2nd merit list selected members for the above programs.

Nust has reopened SAT registration for UG FALL 2020 from 1 Oct to 7 Oct . If someone wants to apply in their desired feild on sat basis they can still apply .
NUST PG ADMISSIONS HOSTEL ALLOTMENT MAIL RECEIVED TODAY. BUT CONFUSED HERE WRITTEN TO REPORT ON 21OCT BUT IN HOSTEL FORM WRITTEN FROM 16OCT? ANY ONE KNOW EXACT DATE OF JOINING FOR PG STUDENTS AT H12
Nust ki classes  kb start ho ge all campus ki
AOA How is to do MS transportation engineering at MCE Risalpur? Research orientation? Accommodation for MS student and procedure? Study and living environment?
Kisi ko nust me hostel na Mila ho aur flat Lena chahta hai to contact kre, if he can share appartment???
**Admin approve please** Assalam o alikum, Seniors especially those with knowledge about pc seats, guide please... Pochna tha ky Kia hum pc seats ki allotment KY baad  higher priority to lower priority jump kr skty hain??? Secondly, my merit position is 1466. Those who have idea about pc seats, what do you think, will I be able to secure admission in MCS software department?? ( Pc seat py)... Need serious guide. Am facing a Critical situation. Thank you in advance!
Jin ka covid result ni aya to on ka kya method ho ga hostel me jana k liye?
I need some info from seniors. MSc k liye 19 Oct at nust uspcase.. joining h. fee pay kerke seat reserve kerwa li h. Agr koi us din join nakr pae toh what will happn kia Karachi se beth k online classes le sakhte hain... Ya physical classes hi hungi...?? Plus hostel bhi confirm nhi hua h ab tak. Kindly help


2nd Time Got selected for NBC, Quetta  NUST sa kafi umeed ti lakin koi nai Last year bena kuch pary 90 agyi ta gap year leya pora saal parah PBNET b behtareen howa lakin NUMBER serf 96 last year b Jinho na Quetta sa test deya ta sabky marks 100 main ty aur es saal b pata nai q ya Quetta walo ko marks nai dety and Last year NUST outreach program main 1 Prof nai bola ta Quetta walo ko edri hy admsn mily ga bs. BTW jab result aya ta ose din NUST jany k kheb ko laat maar deya ta ...aur QUETTA main achi uni main admsn hogya ha  Ya post un k leye ha jo gap year leny ka soch rha ha so main yahi advice donga k gap year maat lo kisi aur uni main admsn kar k apna time waste na karo aur agr bht shook ha NUST k pir waha sa transfer karwa dena q k GAP year tum lgo ko suicide ka sochny par majboor kar dengy so bhaio wala mashwara ha na loo (Kindly approve) :)
Nust me MS ky spring admisions hoty hain?

Anyone? Who can guide me on SAT basis apply for NUST.  What is Sat pattern? Total Marks? Required marks? Preparation?  When it is going to be conduct? 
Anyone selected in 2nd list of MS Healthcare Biotechnology? Kindly drop your merit positions!

Any girl who is currently doing MS from NUST and living in On campus hostel or nearby private hostel kindly help my aunt daughter have got admission in Nust (MS Chem) we need info regarding hostel.

Is anyone in the 2nd list got a hostel alot or not?
Anyone Avionics Student From IST or Nust Risalpur
Bs chemistry 3rd list ka merit kitna drop huga any idea ☹️
Any advice for master's test preperation ?
See what our incoming batch has to say upon joining SEECS, and get an insight into their ambitions!
Guys i received the Mess Bill on 29 date but I still haven't received the Hostel Rent Bill , Is there any reason why ? They mentioned on their first mail that I will be forwarded the Rent Bill on Maximum 29 Date .

 Tou khn tk ja skta akhri list tk ??
When is nust third merit list. closing merit for psychology
Got Admission in UET PESHAWAR.... But on the other hand also GOT ADMISSION in MCS NUST (and payed 147k already)..... Refundable fee is Rs 112k...UET PESHAWAR fee per year is  49500....FINANCIALLY WEAK..... Probably will be upgraded to some other Field in NUST (may be in EE At EME)... But I'm much interested in Mechanical engineering... Don't know what to do now... Should I refund fee or Stick with NUST... Guidance needed... Please approve

Is Bs business accounting and finance from GCUL a good option as I couldnt manag to get into the Nust.....
Requesting Seniors to Guide (approve): What are these 'Minors' What are credit hours What is literally everything
Those selected for Software engineering in h12 campus drop your merit.
Private hostels near eme
Aoa, everyone.. Please suggest some good hostels or apartments for girls near NUST.    Thankyou
Anyone selected in ms 2nd list in plant biotechnology in nust plz mention merit position thnks 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍



Asli list kab arahi for UG (NBS+S3H)?
3 rd merit list \ selection list kb lg rhi

Kon kon pohnch gaya hai hajveri hostel😥.Quarantine mai kab tak rakhenge 😥.
Closing Merit Position and Aggregate for BBA first merit list?
Can anyone tell me that my merit position is 475 can i get admission in bs accounting and finance
Hey everyone.  Does anyone know how to find the waiting list of students for hostel allotment?
For  Bba Bs ACF Bs Economics Bs Pa... Bs mass com Bs psychology  LLb (hons).
I'm facing problems in filling form for Ehsaas scholar ship plz help me. 1- There ain't any option like businessman or business owner. 2- They have asked employer name while my father runs his personal business. 3- what if someone has adopted siblings. Should they be added or not. 4- I studied in college on full scholarship what should I mention in college fee section.... 5- Mera abhi tak CNIC ni bana aur unho ny CNIC expiry date pochi hoi...

Closing merit of environmental engineering and Geo informatics in 2nd list???

3rd list kab lagai gee?
Does anyone has given net  for cs? What type of questions are asked in computer section in Net?

As salam alaikum! Ehsas scholarship k portal py father occupations main businessman nai hai.... To jin k father businessman hain...wo kia option choose krain? Kindly tell. Regards❤

ZAKARIYA hostel kon kon aarha??Who is coming to Zakariya Hostel??
Plz guide me.. I've done FSc Pre Medical and got admission in BS chemistry. Yahan Undertaking m kon kon sy points stamp paper pr print krwany hon gy and which ones should I strike out.. Kindly help
Anyone have information related Artificial Intelligence in Seecs?
I've heard Ehsas scholarship ki last date 2 oct hogai hai? Is it true?

Where will the merit of accounting and finance go? Nust has said that 90% of the seats have been filled. Aisay kaisay hosakta hai? Merit jayega 500 tak?
3 merit list kab tak lagay gi?
Asslam o Alaikum... Any seniors from MS Health-care Biotechnology ASAB... Guidance required...
Acf first list closing tha 321 . Second closing hai 403. 496 per hojayega? Aur kis list main? Also kahan tak jayega merit. Everyone do participate, let me know your point of view.
What is the merit for bs in accounting and finance?
2nd list for ms? 🙄🙄🙄
Guys on ehsas portal they have updated the last date which is 2 Oct .so those who have not still applied go for it. Hope so they will update it basically it's 30 Oct but do not take risk.
Please someone tell me Engineering is good. s physics..
Suna tha nust ki fee aur hostel dues kam hote hai ajj dekh bhi lia😡😡 fees have exceeded 2 lakhs already along with hostel.
SE from Fast or Computer Engineering from Nust (EME )?
The CERN Lab was developed in collaboration with many renowned institutes including the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN), from which it derives... it's name. Equipped with state-of-the-art facilities, this lab focuses on the research and development of distributed and grid computing and the resulting applications.

 This 👇👇👇 is the original announcement. Visit HEC website http://www.hec.gov.pk/ OR following HEC Social Media Pa...ges for Updates/Announcements from Higher Education Commission of Pakistan. • Facebook:           https://www.facebook.com/HECPakistan2002  • Twitter:               https://twitter.com/hecpkofficial • Instagram:          https://www.instagram.com/hec_pk/
Do student of EME get the same treatment and opportunities as H-12 campus ?
Did anyone apply for change of preferences? I applied for change of preferences. I deposited the amount in HBL and sent my application by email. But I got no response and the preferences are the same as before. What to do?
3rd list kb lgni hai  Koi tou confirm bta de please 😕
Please tell me the confirm deadline for Ehsaas Scholarship.
HEC Latest Tweet:  Last Date to Apply for Ehsas Undergraduate is Still 30 October.
Which is the best institute for preparation of entry test of NUST in Sindh.

What you guys think 3rd list meh  702 tak merit drop hosakta ha ???

Alhamdulilah got selected in electrical nust eme

Drop your merit no. If you want to go PNEC for EE
Assalam-O-Alaikum! Ehsaas scholarship ki last date change ho gyi ha. Hmm ne to abhi apply krna ha. Registration number hi nhi mila university. Wo miley ga to apply hoga.Peace be upon you! The last date of Ehsaas scholarship has been changed. We have to apply now. Didn't get the registration number, University. It will apply if he is found.

Computer engineering from eme Software from mcs?
MS ki second list ati b hai k ni? 😳Does MS's second list come or not? 😳


Hostel challan a gya h mail pr.Go and checkHostel Challan has arrived in the mail. Go and check
For A level students, what is the last date to submit A levels equivalence certificate?
Anyone applied for MCS hostel drop a comment..
Corona test krwane k liye kon sa form sath le k jana h??
Still facing problems in signing up ehsaas account what to do
Corona test to krwa lia h pr reports unho ne kha h k 3 to 4 days me mile gi ..agr hme 2 tk na mili to??
Jo log 3rd list ka wait kr rahay haen woh hostel k charges kaesae jama krwaen??
This has been a tough year for us all. The COVID-19 pandemic not only disrupted our way of life, but also challenged the fulfilment of many ambitions we had for... 2020. By the grace of Allah, we are now slowly returning to our normal routines, with precautions of course. Realising that the pandemic may have hampered many aspiring NUSTians’ plans to commence their undergraduate life at their dream university #NUST, we have reopened registrations for SAT based admission to our UG Fall 2020 programmes. Interested applicants can apply from Oct 1, 2020 to Oct 7, 2020. Visit ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk for details. So let’s not let COVID stop us from pursuing our dreams any more. Come and join the #NUSTFamily. We look forward to welcoming you at Pakistan’s #1 university.  


When are the next master's admissions going to be held ?
LLB ka merit decrease hone ke chances hain next lists mai? Provided that many students who were selected in the first 2 lists had not given LAT and are not eligible so they'll be dropped.



Which is the best institute for preparation of entry test of nust in islamabad

Abhi pcr ka  result nhi aya yahan par kiya likhna ha plz tell Anx-B
Is corona test compulsory? Even if u don't have any symptoms?  (also, if anyone had it done,is it painful?)
 P. S : "Get It" is a startup launched a month back by my friend and I. We initially made this startup successful with "LUMS Series" . It's a time for "NUST Series" Volume 1 now. 😍
72.26% aggregate. What are my chances in NBS? Economics preferably. 141marks in NBS NET2.
Hostel confirmation kab aati hai? I applied after 1st Merit list, Meri confirmation email tak nahi aai, k waiting list mein Hoon ya nahi. Dobara apply kia hai aaj. Hostel milega ya nahi????When does hostel confirmation come? I applied after 1st Merit list, my confirmation email didn't come, whether I am in the waiting list or not. I have applied again today. Will you get a hostel or not????

Khadija hostel kis gate se qareeb h??or hm ne kis gate se enter hona h??any idea

Last merit position in 2nd selection for BPA and Economics are at 612 and 550 respectively. My merit position is 770, mera koi chance hai?
Architecture or Industrial design ka merit decrease hone k chances hy further lists men?
closing merit of bs economics in 2nd list?

#MS_Environmental Comment down if You are in List (This is Important)
Koi  asa student jis ka is year Nust EEP ma admission hova ho wo kindly ye bta da k does nh total kitni fee pay ki ha owr only first semester ki kitni fee ha?

Kia NBS may wo student b admission lay saktay Han jo pre medical k Han?  NBS walo k Net may maths ati ha ya nahi? Agar ati ha to pre medical wala Kon SI maths parhay ghay ? Fsc wali ya 8 9 10 waliCan those students who are pre-medical get admission in NBS? Does NBS people get maths in the net or not? If it comes then which maths will the pre-medical person study? Fsc one or 8 9 10
Merit postions subjects k hisaab s hoti hai ya overall.Suppose kisi ka merit position 1000 hai to jitne larkon n nust k lie apply kia hai un sub k hisab s ho ga ya Subject jis k lie us n apply kia hai us k hisaab s.



Hello, I want to ask about my chances in getting admission in BS Economics this year at S3H NUST this year. I have merit no. 684, last year it stopped at 820. I want to know my chances, in which merit list would I supposedly be if yes? I have taken admission in another university, and want to ask for refund at the earliest opportunity if I have good chances of getting into NUST. My classes start tomorrow, 21st Sept.
See what our incoming batch has to say upon joining SEECS, and get an insight into their ambitions!
beshak apne kisi bhi field me jana hai chahe vo environmental ho mechanical ho ya electrical ho nust ke entry test net ka syllabus aik hi hota hai hr field ke lie
Hostel mess dues recieved but abhi tak hostel rent nahi aya mess ka bill rent se pehle is illogical kisi ko mila kya  rent?
Uet lhr kii fee refund kese karwane hh??
Ehsaas scholarship self education expenditure mai kya likhna hai?where they have written ke don't write your education expenditure

Has anyone gotten any update regarding the confirmation of admission of Ms after submitting their documents via email?

Hostel ka challan mila hai kisi ko ? Hostel rent not the mess bill...Has anyone got the hostel challenge? Hostel rent not the mess bill...



Mechanical ka is baar Kitna merit gaya? (Islamabad Campus)
The undertakings that we had sent on stamp paper woh hostel aur at the time of joining our schools dekhane hai ya nhi ?




Any chance is BS economics?
The last merit position offered admission in 2nd selection list for BS Physics session 2020 is 692.

SE CS merit kitne pay close howa is bar? Islamabad H12 Campus
Anyone sent the change of preference form here? Need to ask something.
2nd merit list kb lgy gi for Graduate programs.?

S.E (MCS) main kis kis ka huwa h second list main?S. Who has been in the second list in E (MCS)?
890 merit position  Any chance to got admission in mass gomm. ? Closing merit in 2nd list for mass com is 654 and its the lowest merit  from all disiplines of S3H except LLB
What was the closing merit for CS NBC quetta?
Anyone having merit position between 450 to 460 plz drop your aggregate.
Any one having closing merits of 2nd list?

3rd merit list date?
Assalam o Alaikum beautiful people.  If anyone needs guidelines about EME in general then feel free to contact me. For main campus you will be redirected to a very busy friend Thanks!

yar ehsaas program mn email id bnaye ha kise ne tu DM me
In my hostel form my selection list is 2 but I was selected in first . Does it matter for hostel allotment?
Hostel fee 20,000 kb deposit krwani hoti ha??? Jb allotment hoti ha??Hostel fee 20,000 when is to be deposited? When allotment happens??

PMC will organize same Medical Entry Test all over Pakistan according to PMC's Terms and Conditions.  PMC will disclose Policies on 2nd Oct 2k20.
I am from Chiniot. Mostly students have got emails regarding hostel allotment but still I didn't recieve such email . Should I wait or looking for private hostels?
When will 3rd merit list will be uploaded? Any idea!
What is this behaviour? In first list it was 523
Need some help with buying a laptop for BS CS. Need some help with the specs. How is a 8gb ram, 1tb cor i 5 latest gen or cor i 7 old gens. I've read alot of people suggesting 128/256gb SSDs but isn't that space tooo less compared to 1TB. And in what price range will this fall

Yaar ye Corona Test ki report 2 k bad ani ha.baki sab hostels k managers keh rahe ha k private krwa ke lao.Hajveri hostel k manager na kaha ha k koshish karo 2 tk ho jaye ni to aa jao aese hi report bad ma TCS krwa lena. Apki is bary ma kya raye ha? Ye manager hmare sath prank to ni kr raha kahi?
Yaar mein freshie hun mera NUST mein BS CS mein admission hua hai please mjhe guide kro ke NUST ke baarey aur kon kon mere sath BS CS kre gaa 2020 batch mein😂
B. Arch k liye laptop k kya specs hone chye?  Any suggestions please?B. What should be the specs of laptop for Arch? Any suggestions please?
Hostel allotment start hogye hai kindly check your email.
agr meri llb me selection ho jati hai aur me sb dues submit krwa deti hn  But LAY ni dia me ny  Tou  kya admission k baad koi issue tw ni ho ga  Agr me LAT next year pass kr loon ???


Can any senior guide me through laptop specifications needed for engineering studies? ATI radeon 2gb card enough in a laptop? Or we need more than 2gb?
Salaam The undergraduate candidates selected in Chemical Engineering at SCME, kindly tell your merit positions. And if you have any idea about where the 2nd list closed, do inform.
NUST Quetta Campus... Campus built between beautiful mountains. A beautiful landscape surrounding the campus, the landscapes you will see in Winter will make you fall in love with Quetta.🌷🥀🌱 Many student dream of learning education while surrounded by beautiful landscapes / mountains but for NUSTians of Quetta Campus it's reality. Our main campus is not built yet but we care more about education than materialistic things. We are the seekers of true knowledge rather than to ca...re for structure and other things.💯 We wish you best of luck in Quetta Campus and most congratulations on becoming part of our family.🎊🎉 Let me make it clear, in Quetta we care for each other just like a family.❤️ You will come to know how's it like to sleep peacefully and enjoy with buddies in the most threatened part of Pakistan (Cantonment Board) and you will be surely thankful to our Pak Army.⚔️ In last I would say welcomr to the club💯 buddy, hope to see you soon. ⚔️
#SECURED ADMISSION IN NUST PNEC AND NED KARACHI.
Those of you who applied on SAT based Admission,can you drop your aggregate and priority Major? When is SAT Based Merit List expected and when are we supposed to fill the hostel form?




 You can ask any question regarding campus. We will In Shaa Allah entertain you.
What is the expected date of pg 2nd list?
yar mera merit nmber 736 ha ,SE mcs mn aya ha naam per cs H 12 mn hone ke close chance hn ,Khn ka hostel form bhuron.
Hey guys ! Congrats to all those who have secured admission at NUST and welcome fresh nustians .  To ab aap log campus aaye gye to socha kuch tips de doon jo kaam aaye gi aapke . Pehle to make sure you have the following things : Water bottle Umbrella or cape (Helps in Summer or wesay bhi it rains a lot at NUST ) Shades ya agr zyada conscious ho to sunscreen le lena coz bht paidal chlna prta hay ... Laptop le lo , specially kiyuke semester 50% online hoga.  Agr engineering kr rehe ho to thora heavy laptop lena , graphics card wala taake agle semesters may msla na ho . Baki dekho ragging ka scene km hi hota , mgr do interact with seniors specially sophos . Unse first semester ke notes , assignments wegera utha lena . Plus ask them about the teaching and marking style of each instructor. Coz ab ye FSC nhi hay . Ratte se kaam nhi chlle ga ,do some smart work .  Wesay to may lazmi kehta ke never ever miss orientation,mgr due to SOPs is baar orientation bhi thandi hogi , so your choice.   Plus jab tak cms id or password nhi milta , kisi senior ki id se wifi connect kr lena. 
When is the second merit list for MS NUST is expected?
Closing merits of NBC in second list (cs & ce)

 Got selected for CAE?  We are arranging a small interaction of yours with the professionals of the field to seek the perks of Aerospace an...d Avionics.  There will be a fantastic welcome to you to become the leading Aerospace and Avionics Engineer in the world. Comment your Merit Position, department and grab your seat. Note: Only for 2020 freshie undergraduate Selected candidates.

Display of 3rd merit list?

National MDCAT tests are coming soon and with NET-1 in December, better start your preparation NOW. #PrepareNOWwithPrepareHOW Contact us on Facebook/WhatsApp (0331-3331920) to buy NUST NET and NUMS MDCAT Preparatory Book containing 3000 Chapter-wise Past Papers MCQs, Important concepts regarding Entry Tests, and time-saving tricks. #NUST #NET #NMC #PMC #NationalMDCAT #MDCAT #NUMS #UniversityAdmissions #studyresources

Do computers have a sense of humor? 🌝 Can Artificial Intelligence make you laugh out loud? 🤭 Find out at *LOL AI*
ADMISSIONS ARE CLOSING SOON! LAST DATE TO APPLY IS OCTOBER 05, 2020 Apply Now: https://www.erozgaar.pitb.gov.pk/apply 𝗔𝗽𝗽𝗹𝗶𝗰𝗮𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻𝘀 𝗮𝗿𝗲 𝗹𝗶𝘃𝗲 𝗳𝗼𝗿 University of En...gineering and Technology, Taxila Please check this video 'How To Apply For e-Rozgaar' via this link for a complete step by step guide: https://www.facebook.com/erozgaar/videos/327826461973804 Eligibility Criteria: - Punjab Domicile - Maximum age: 35 years - Education: At least 16 years - Employment Status: Unemployed The 3 domains that candidates can select one from are: 𝟭. 𝗧𝗲𝗰𝗵𝗻𝗶𝗰𝗮𝗹: - Web Development Basics - HTML & CSS - SQL - PHP & Mysql (Dynamic Websites) - Building Websites Using WordPress - Custom Content Type in WordPress - WordPress Theme and Plugin Development 𝟮. 𝗖𝗼𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝗠𝗮𝗿𝗸𝗲𝘁𝗶𝗻𝗴 & 𝗔𝗱𝘃𝗲𝗿𝘁𝗶𝘀𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝘁𝗵𝗮𝘁 𝗶𝗻𝗰𝗹𝘂𝗱𝗲: - Content Marketing - Marketing Funnels - Creating Engaging Content - WordPress for Blogging - Lead Generation - Distribute Content - On-Page SEO and Back-linking 𝟯. 𝗖𝗿𝗲𝗮𝘁𝗶𝘃𝗲 𝗗𝗲𝘀𝗶𝗴𝗻: - Logo Design - Corporate Identity Kit - Adobe Photoshop - Adobe Illustrator - Adobe InDesign *𝗙𝗿𝗲𝗲𝗹𝗮𝗻𝗰𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗖𝗼𝘂𝗿𝘀𝗲 𝘄𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗯𝗲 𝘁𝗮𝘂𝗴𝗵𝘁 𝗶𝗻 𝗮𝗹𝗹 𝟯 𝗱𝗼𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗻𝘀 so that all our students can monetize their skills and make a handsome amount of money through online means. Tag and share with everyone who should join this free training! #erozgaar #UETTaxila #admisisonsopen #FreelanceRozgaar #Freetraining #freelancing

Whose name is in the 2nd list... What is the last date to pay the fee??
etny zyada log nikl ay bs Chem Waly😢  agar  preference #change krde unhun nay mtlb mail krde nust ko k Kisi r #dept jana to chance bnyga? ☹️admission ka
I've been watching people posting stuffs about their hostel room allotments. I have a question. Sb k admissions bhe ho gae and biosciences ki 1st merit list bhe nae lgi abhe tk. Tou do they have a separate hostel or rooms reserved for us ya biosciences k admissions tk sare hostels book ho chukey hounge?
Electrical Engineering From PNEC (selected) Or Civil,Mechanical& Electrical from NED (chances)???? Please guide kre ...........
Does anyone know about closing merit of 2nd list for architecture and Industrial design?
Everyone is Posting pics of their particular  Institutes  MCS ka b koi senior drshan krwa do yr Google,YouTube kahe se b MCS ki campus life ki koi video nahi mili (Mujy mera Pind k college k vlogs mil gae lekin MCS k nhi milay,aesa kyu)?
if you have any queries related to any field its scope or you want to know which field is best in pakistan comment or inbox me
Aoa..Meri first preference mechanical EME hai aur second civil(SCEE)...EME main admission ho gaya hai agar in case main downgrading karwa ke civil (SCEE) main ana chahun to kya procedure ho ga....fee maine EME mechanical ke liye jama karwa di hai.....ab kya ho sakta hai? Any senior please guide..... Approve please!!! Note:merit no. Poochne walon ke liye...My merit no. Is 1133 ab koi comment main na pooche😂😂 .Aoa.. My first preference is mechanical EME and second civil (SCEE)... Admission has been done in EME. If I want to get downgraded in this case and come to civil (SCEE) then what will be the procedure.... Fee maine EME I have submitted for mechanical..... what can happen now? Any senior please guide..... Approve please!!! Note:merit no. For those who ask... My merit number. Now no one should ask in comment 😂😂 .

anyone got email for hostel allotment in eme?
Any Email from hostels of EME?
What is the closing merit for chemical engineering?

Hello again Yaaar main sindh me rehta hoon aur mera admission hyderabad board hai aur board ne abhi tak SSC aur HSSC ka certificate nahi diya aur na hi HSSC part 2 ki result ae hai Lekin nust ne dono certificate mange hai abhi main kiya karoon Guidence please
Can I change my preference list now??? And secondly anyone knows what's the closing position for SE mcs??

EME walo ko  hostel lab yak allot hoga..
Who has got the hostel challenge?

I have done ICS stats , can I apply for bscs program or software engineering if also give additional physics ? And what if I come on merit ? Will I still have to give the exam or its just oky with stats
Kia sab ko hostel allotment ki mail agye h??mujhy to nhi ae🤔Has everyone received the mail of hostel allotment?? I didn't get it 🤔
Who are coming to BS Chemistry batch 2020....?
Drop your merit position of CS in 2nd list merit. I want to check closing merit. Mine 773 and yet not selected.


KIPS G10/2 or G9 campus? Which one is good for coaching classes? Or should i go for Abbotabad or Peshawar campus?
Please can anyone send the detailed list of documents required during arrival at hostels and orientation .
Hostel allotment has started. Those who have got it, what is the next procedure






Those who have been selected in Software Engineering at SEECS in 2nd List. Please drop your merit numbers.
ALevel Exams hain 1st October say 18th November tak aur mail ai hai kay 2nd ko report karein warna hostel allotment cancel kardenge. Kya karu abALEVEL Exams are from 1st October to 18th November and the mail has come to report on 2nd otherwise the hostel allotment will be cancelled. What should I do now
What is closing merit  of EE mcs in 2nd merit list?

main PNEC NUST me MS k liye apply nahi kar saka q k university bnd thi corona hi wjah sy aur mere pass transcript/degree nahi thi,  mujhe janna ye hai k kya koi possibility hoti hai admission ki after admission closing like seats vacant rehti hon ? q k obviously Masters me utnay students nahi hoty jitny Bachelors me hoty hainI couldn't apply for MS in PNEC NUST because university was closed due to corona and I didn't have transcript / degree, I want to know if there is any possibility of admission, after admission closing, like seats are vacant? Because obviously masters don't have as many students as bachelors
Anyone got into mass comm in 2nd list, drop your merit position.

 Would NUST provide transport in twin cities keeping in view the covid situation and SOPs ?
Got civil in NUST Quetta Campus.  Admission lu ya nh? My merit numbers 2976. Closing Merit is 3468
Scope of civil in Pakistan.  Koi ye na kahy bndy ka scope hota.  Kindly btayen.  Or inko job kidr milti ?
the last merit positions offered in the second selection list for the following programs:  1) BBA. 2) Bs Accounting and finance. 3) Bs Economics.... 4) Bs Public administration. 5) Bs mass com. 6) Bs Psychology. 7) llb (hons).


What is the closing merit for  Bs chemistry in 2nd list.
What's the last merit number offered for materials, geoinformatic, environmental engineering in second list?

Lahore m pcr test kahan se hoga public sector m?
What is the last selection merit no for civil eng in h 12 in second list
Aoa Can anyone tell me which laptop with what specs are required for university?  I am selected for Mechanical Engineering in UET lhr And I'm a day scholar.  I  also have a pc at home with ...     8 GB RAM     2 GB graphic card      Core xenon      2 TB Storage  Price range in 50-70 K



A.o.a , I want to ask that if I take admission in SE , then GAT A is acceptable or GAT C??? AND further if I go with any computer science field for MS GAT C is mandatary r GAT A??

Cs main 1st semester m 4 gb ram aur 4th gen se kaam chal jaega?
How is cse from mcs?


Anyone selected in the BBA in the second list ?????
Kis kis na MCS ma hostel ka liye apply kr diya hai ?
I have a problem . After net test I opened the website today, so I didn't changed or confirmed my preferences. I had selected CS , SE seecs, SE mcs ,Civil H12 as my preferences when I filled my form. Now my merit position is 1721. Can I change my preferences now or get admission in any of the mentioned above.
 what were the last merit positions in the second selection list for Bachelors: 1) BBA. 2) Bs Accounting and finance.... 3) Bs Economics. 4) Bs Public administration. 5) Bs mass com. 6) Bs Psychology. 7) llb (hons).


Expected upload date for the 3rd merit list?

The second merit list closed at 1870 and my merit position is 1967 for Computer Engineering so what are my chances of getting selected? I’m really worried as the merit did not drop as expected and I’ve already submitted the fee also.



Ehsaas k form me registration no wohi likhna hai jisko likh kar merit position delhte hai


Pucit ki old as well as new campus both mrng/evng list kb tk display huni hyn?
What is the last merit no in second list for comp engg
Mera Second merit lisy main Cs seecs main ho gya hay jo keh pehlj preference thi to kia ab bhi un ko inform kerna pareh ga keh nahi
 My son is in AS , he wants to do software engineering inshaallah from Nust  He has  Maths Physics  ICT  So question is nust  criteria is for SE CE CS is Maths physics and computer science  So  he has ICT in his school in AS Tu ICT is ok or wht to do means nust need computer science

MS ki 2nd selection list kb ay g?

What is last Merit Position of Civil Engineering (NICE) in 2nd list?
When will the second Merit list of M.phil is going to publish?


Congratulations to those who got admission... 😊😊 Guys please drop your merit positions who got selected in SE and CS at main campus...
Those selected in acf for second merit list plz drop your merit number
3rd merit list date?

merit position#1475 any chance for EE from SEECS??
Is anyone here planning to do ACF from NUST
My merit number is 1336.... Please mujhy suggest kardyn k Mera Civil (Nust ISL) mnn hojaiga aor mnn UET sy fee refund karaloo.??.....Ya sirf UET Ka hi sochoo aor Nust sy fee refund karao..... please mujhy Sahi guide kardyn 😔😔....Thanks.
Last merit no. Of bs phy in 2nd list?
Kya koi bhi upgrade hua hai preferences mein in 2nd merit list? I dont think ke abhi unhoun ne kisi ko bhi upgrade kiya hai


Anyone here jiska 1200+ ho aur EE( Seecs) hogya ho? (2nd list)

1st list of software was stopped at 459? And on whom did the second list stop?
NBC CS ka closing.
To all the people who have already been selected in BS CS and SE...pls comment down below if you want to upgrade, or if this was ur first preference. Or if u want to leave for some other reason. Also, people selected in the first merit list, how many of you gave up you seat???
Last merit position of second list for   bs chemistry.


What is closing merit for machenical islamabad
Anyone who got selected for UG (bachelors) Business and Social sciences (any discipline). Drop the name of discipline with your merit number.
What is the closing merit for computer engineering? 2nd list?
Anyone selected for Civil or Chemical in second list, please drop your merit numbers.
NUST 2021 admissions will start in December. If you need past paper book for preparation, please WhatsApp at 03313331920.
Aoa  I have been selected in 2nd list but iam not interested in the department Last date of fee submission is 30 sep  I wanna ask that if I don't submit fee then can I be selected in 3rd list I just wanna understand the method of selection any guidance will be appreciated thanks
People got admission in 2nd merit list in NICE H-12 please!drop your merit.


In succession to the new normals that we have all adapted to over the past few months, it’s finally time to come back to our home away from home. But the realit...ies of the pandemic mean that life won’t be the way it was before COVID-19 – this semester will be unlike any semester of the past. As thousands of you make your way to the dorms and classrooms of NUST, many of you coming in for the first time and becoming part of this amazing #NUSTfamily, we look forward to welcoming you for a life-changing on-campus experience. With stark reminders all around you that Coronavirus isn’t over yet, we want you to commence Fall 2020 at NUST embracing optimism coupled with caution. Along with your stuffed suitcases and overflowing excitement, don’t forget to pack your masks and hand sanitisers; enter the gates of NUST with a promise to live the best years of your life, but with utmost care for yourself and those around you, because this is about the entire fraternity – after all, we are, first and foremost, the #NUSTNation. 
In succession to the new normals that we have all adapted to over the past few months, it’s finally time to come back to our home away from home. But the realit...ies of the pandemic mean that life won’t be the way it was before COVID-19 – this semester will be unlike any semester of the past. As thousands of you make your way to the dorms and classrooms of NUST, many of you coming in for the first time and becoming part of this amazing #NUSTfamily, we look forward to welcoming you for a life-changing on-campus experience. With stark reminders all around you that Coronavirus isn’t over yet, we want you to commence Fall 2020 at NUST embracing optimism coupled with caution. Along with your stuffed suitcases and overflowing excitement, don’t forget to pack your masks and hand sanitisers; enter the gates of NUST with a promise to live the best years of your life, but with utmost care for yourself and those around you, because this is about the entire fraternity – after all, we are, first and foremost, the #NUSTNation. 
Gat c ka result kb tk ana hai aj ..keo pta inform?
H-12 me SE or CS ki total kitni seats hoti h??
Jis ka LLB m selection hua hai.please apna name bataen.Who has been selected in LLB. Please tell your name.

What's last merit position in 2nd merit list of Business studies and social sciences (ACF)? mine #603
People selected in MCS(SE or EE) & EME(computer )  Drop your merit positions?
Anyone got selected in Public Administration?



2nd list NBC QUETTA CS closing merit kia ha aur ksi ka nam aya ha ????
Assalam o alaikum! Everyone I have a merit position of 747 and i got selected in electrical engineering at SEECS. But im rather interested in bs cs... 2nd list came out today but not still selected yet... So any chance of my admission in bs cs?... Thank YOU!

Does anyone know the closing merit for Architecture in the 2nd list, h12 campus?
To those who have been selected in Computer Engineering (EME) in 2nd list. Please drop your merit positions.
Ye LLB ka kia chal raha hai? Mje kuch samaj ni araha.1233 merit position hai lkn us k bawajood not selected hai 2nd list m.Please guide me.
Merit drop hi nhi kiya na software ka na cs ka any idea or guess



I have been selected in LLB which is my 3rd preference, but now i will to go for PA which is 4rth preference. Ab Change preference form fill krna hoga?
Anyone here who got selected in second selection list.?? In any  discipline ov H-12 sector.??
NUST main DAE walon k liye seats hoti hain?


Ehsaas scholarship university registration no mai roll no likhna hai?

Mujhe 1st list ma need based scholarship mil gayi hai laikin abhi jab 2nd list lagi hai usamy selection letter pr scholarship ka column khtm hogya hai aur fees 147k arhi hai? Kya kisi aur ka bhe ya issue arha hai aur iska hal kisi ko pta hai kya😢
Mce risalpur 2nd list closing merit?
#UG_2nd_selection_list is on website go & check your status.

BS Chemistry ki classes ki kia timing  hte h ? Transport available h pindi k lie?
EE seecs ka closing merit approx kitna hoga? Any idea aur last year 2nd list ma EE ka kahan pr close hwa tha? Kindly kisi ko pta hai tu bta dy
For bs psychology My merit position is 776 is there a chance in second list?




2nd list me kon kon civil engineering me aya? Kindly Drop your merit positions!


What about NUST BS MATHEMATICS??
Here is link to apply for eme college hostel accomodation http://register.ceme.nust.edu.pk/onlinehostelapp/ Click apply online, Check your name in the waiting list and send the draft to eme college  
1976 MERIT number.  CEME (EE) me chance hai  ya nahi ??🤔


Closing merit of SMME Mechanical in second list?  Anyone?





The 2nd selection list HAS BEEN UPLOADED Those selected in BS Physics kindly drop your merit numbers.



Anyone knows about economics closing merit position in 2 list?
Meri selection bs chemistry mein ho gyi h .Lkin yh meri 2nd choice thi.1st choice Applied biosciences thi jis ki koi list ni lgi abhi tk.tu kia mein fee submit  karaon ya phir bs applied biosciences ki list lgne ka wait kron.Any senior please guideMy selection is just done in chemistry. But this was my 2nd choice. 1st choice was applied business which has no list yet. So should I submit the fee or just wait for the list of applied biosciences. Any senior please guide

 what were the last merit positions in the first selection list for : 1) BBA. 2) Bs Accounting and finance.... 3) Bs Economics. 4) Bs Public administration. 5) Bs mass com. 6) Bs Psychology. 7) llb (hons).

What is the difference between the statuses "Not Selected" and "Not Yet Selected" as reported in the selection lists of the applicants? Do they imply different things?
I got in the first merit list of EE in SEECS aur paid my dues aur ab second merit list main bhi naam hai. Tou it just means kay im in EE right? Not anything like phirsay krna paray ga sab?
can anybody kindly tell me about the closing merit positions in second list of the following 1. Bs Phy 2. Bs Maths 3. Bs Chem 4. Material engineering... 5. Environmental engineering 6. Geo informatics engineering Also can you tell me the engineering field with lowest merit in the second list.
My merit position is 682, i havent selected in 2 list, is there any chances of getting my name in 3 list of psychology?
Anyone selected in bs psychology in second merit list? Drop your merit position

Who got selected in Chemical engineering h12 campus drop merit numbers
Although maine BS chem ma jana nai hai, but mera merit n.o in BS CHEM is 160, still it shows "not selected" which means closing merit of BS Chem is less than 160😬😬😬😬😬
My merit position is 103 for Architecture. Any chance I can get in?? Considering the covid situation and all.
Acha yaar ek baat. Nust me ragging ni hoti Seniors ache hain sb apke. Rooms me akar ap ko congratulate krte r uske baad party scenes. Jo jo interested h apna room number yahan comment kr dena jb mil jae.
Kindly tell me closing second merit list of engineering program and if you got selected share your merit no in Software  Cs  Electrical  Chemical ... Environmental
What do u prefer? 1:BS(cs) 2:BS(SE) 3:BS(IT)
People selected for LLB in 2nd Merit list drop your merit number.
Bhai yeh BSCS ka kia scene chal raha hai? Kia hogya hai iss dafa merit ko? 774 merit. Not selected in second list.
salam  main nbc main second list CS select hogaya hu or mujhe interest bhi isi side h  mujhy bss ye jan na h k wahan campus life or facilities kesi hein as a CS student
Guys eme main hostel ka scene itna easy ni ha jitna ap log messages main keh rhy ho. Hostel main seats km hn awam boht ziada ha last time boht sari awam private hostel main thi . First comes first serves wala scene ha . So here is link of online form and whole procedure. Agr Kisi Ka online form submit ni ho rha to koi msla ni us ka print ly k send Kr do.
any idea when will cie alevels students receive their certificates/statements of results to apply for equivalence? i need it in order to apply for scholarship

Hi everyone, anybody tells me when M phill english admissions will open. On the other hand which guide is so spectacular for entry test preparation.
Entry test books for Sale.  OETP NTS DOGARS KIPS ANYONE interested can inbox me.
Please guide confused. Those who have been admitted in SCEE. This is a part of NICE SCEE???
CS ka closing merit IN NBC QUETTA 2nd list me ksi ko pata????
Merit postion 437 Smme me kia list me naam aajae ga?

Congrats to all those who got selected !!!
O-Levels: 709/900 A-Levels: 2As, 1B NET 3: 151 1) Can someone please calculate my aggregate? 2) What are my chances for BBA?

People selected for industrial design please drop your merit positions
Those who have selected computer engineering,drop your merit position

https://scholarshipsherald.com/hec-baluchistan-and-fata-un…/
https://scholarshipsherald.com/hec-baluchistan-and-fata-un…/






When will the list be installed?? 😐🙄
i have merit position 9220 in engineering. Is there any chance to get admission in any field?
Ye kya baat koe boss?? Mera merit no. 1137 hai 💔What is this boss?? My merit number. 1137 is 💔




Any idea k kab join karna hai? I have submitted hostel admission form.
Merit list leg gai. . . . ...... Ky nahi??🙄
jinho ne quetta campus k liye apply kiya he kindly merit position share karen....khas kar cs wale
PNEC (ME) mai last merit kya tha ??


Ehsas scholarship k liye jinhun nay apply krlya hai plz help me out 😢Facing issues in signing up account
More advancements relating to the National MDCAT instead of individual medical entry tests and Pakistan Medical Commission (PMC) official working dates announced. Details Follow: https://www.preparehow.com/.../mdcat-etea-and-nums.../ #breakingnews #PMImran #news #medical #doctor #medicalstudent #MBBS #BDS #EntryTest #MDCAT #PakistanMedicalCommision #NationalTesting #NationalMDCAT
Anyone selected for NICE?
8230 merit position, nust balochistan campus mein kitnay percent chances hain? For cs, please comment down below




AoA, My merit number in engineering is 1067, I got accepted into MCS Software engineering and have also submitted the fees. However I want to go to Seecs for Computer science. My first preference was Software from Seecs Second was CS from Seecs and third was Software from MCS. Should I change my preferences so that CS is 1st preference by paying 1000fees or do I have a chance to get in?

BD ki second list kab ayegi? ￼ ￼ psychology ka merit closing?
I saw alot of posts about delaying of MCAT acc to my opinion i think it will be delayed. We only haveike 24 days left? Till 18 oct. And registration hasn't started yet. Plus registration takes at least 15 days? So like 9 days left then?do yoh think that UHS can prepare everything like roll number slips, centers and now SOPs too in just 9 days? Plus Doctor Abdul Basit deleted his post. Duniya newspaper published about it. I checked it myself so it's authentic that they did publish about it. So instead of making yourself more confused and perplexed. Just keep preparing at moderate rate cause let's face it all those who are claiming that MCSt gonna held on this date or that date are students like us? With no authority or anything.  Thank you. :)
As spring admissions come to an end across most universities, PrepareHOW wishes everyone a huge congratulations who successfully got into their preferred instit...utes; And for those who were not as lucky, remember it is not the end of the world and things may look difficult now but they will surely turn around soon just don't back down and keep working hard. Start preparing now for the next intake with PrepareHOW. #PreparewithPrepareHOW
What was closing merit of economics in 1st list?
Telecom Engineering ka scope kesa hai in Pakistan. Plus Telecom k baad post graduation kis kis field me ki ja sakti hai?



Ehsas k form pr reg no me cms id deni h??
Anyone who prepared for nbs test from nearpeer please comment
Ehsas scholarship k liye account sign up nae hura 😓Kesy huga?? Help plz


Merit position 1912. Any chance in civil engineering at MCE or NICE ??
Friend, how long will this second list be installed? 😒😑
Congratulations to those who have got selected in first list and paid admissions dues 🎉. Anyone coming to H-12 campus, from Hyderabad and Karachi, please mention your selected department, your city, in the comment section. My merit number was 617, and I applied for SE, but got CS.
NUST software engineering merit nd 2nd year marks to get admission there 2020?? Anyone knows?




FOR THOSE WHO SECURED ADMISSION: You guys deserve salutations and time of seniors to guide you in light of their bitter and sweet experiences. As the time calls for Sajdae Shuker followed by celebrations with your families and teachers, it also gives you a best opportunity to think and plan realistically the course of your journey. In life, ther...

Se h12 selected people please drop your merit no.

Ma ny undertaking ma glt registration number likh dya ha aur NUST bhej b dya ha Ab is ka koi frk to nhi pry ga mery admission pr? Plzzz bta dy bht tension hn

Leave a comment if you are selected in EE EME.


Any one here selected in MS Material & Surface Engineering ??
If getting selected in the first list of msc (but not in the preferred department) can we wait for the second list in the preferred department and then pay for the admission is it possible.
Suno suno suno Does anyone know ?  When will classes start at NUST and its campuses... If anybody has list or any link regarding that so please upload it in comment as it will guide alot of students .... Many of students dont know what to do now after being selected in any department  ...... Please also suggest what to do now !!!
ASSALAM O ALAIKUM I need some guidance here. 1)Usually NET 1 takes place in DECEMBER but I heard somewhere that it has been delayed. Any idea if it is true? 2) The students who are studying in class 12(2nd year) give NET 1 on the basis of 11th result. What about those who got promoted without an exam this year?
Any chance at Civil (Nice) H-12 at 1500 merit position? (Closing merit of 1st merit list is 1036)
Comsats jna chahiay ya ni🤔
ALHAMDULILLAH Finally  got NNBS scholarship at NUST
When NUST 2nd merit list will be presented?

civil from UET lahore or NUST (nice ) ?
Acca or civil engineering? Honest opinion dein
BREAKING ALERT: All MDCAT's scheduled stand cancelled (delayed) until further notice.⚠️ Source :  Newly launched pakistan medicals commissions website......officially announced on PMC website
Matric: 1025/1100 (93.18%) FSc: 868/1100 (78.91%) NET-3: 127/200 (63.5%) Any chance in BS Applied Biosciences?

How much tough is getting 160+ marks in NET for an average student with 88% in matric and 72% in inter?

Congratulations to all those who got selected in 1st list.  Now 24 last date ha fee submitt krwany ki so fee submitt krwana lazmi ha beshaq jis marzi field ma apka name aya ha agr fee submitt krwao gy to hi next list ma apka name update hoga according to your preference otherwise fee naw submitt krwany ki surat ma apka admission cancel hojaye ga then ap jo marzi krlaien apko admission ni mily ga. Fee submitt krwany k baad apne ye cheezein h12 bhejny haien •fee ki nust ki copy... •matric n fsc k result card ki attested copy •Apny and guardian k id card ki attested copy •Undertaking 4 n 5 haien jo unka apny 50 rupees ka stamp paper banwana ha wo lawyers sy banta ha courts k audhr sy easily mil jaye ga. Still any questions you may ask
MDCAT 2020 is expected to be delayed. UHS also deleted the announcement posts from official accounts. Some changes are also possible.
So who got selected for (NBC)Quetta Campus. Drop your merit positions.
Is nearpeer a good site for nbs test preparation?
Sanaullah Klasra bhai mcs telecom EE ka closing merit kya expected hai?
Smme me kon kon select hua hai apna merit no. Btao.Who all have been selected in the smme, their merit number. Tell me.
Bscs from Nust or PUCIT???
Agr 3rd Merit list mein ksi ka name ajaye, then admission possible hy? #S3H #PublicAdministration


If I have mailed NUST to retain my allocated programme, how will I know that my request has been accepted?
1. Who is Registered Engineer (R.E)? "Registered Engineer" means a person who holds an accredited engineering qualification, whether working privately or in the employment of an engineering public organization and is registered as such by the Council. Registered Engineer shall perform all professional engineering works except independently signing design. 2. Who is Professional Engineer (P.E)? "Professional Engineer" means a person who holds an accredited engineering qualific...ation and after obtaining a professional experience of five years, whether working privately or in the employment of an engineering public organization, has passed the prescribed engineering practice examination and is registered as such by the Council. 3. What is the difference between Registered Engineer and Professional Engineer? A newly graduate is registered with PEC as Registered Engineer. A Registered Engineer can become Professional Engineer after completing five years experience and passing engineering practice examination (EPE). 4. Is it necessary for an engineer to be registered with PEC? An engineer cannot undertake any professional engineering works unless registered with PEC. Therefore registration with PEC is mandatory. 5. Does PEC register B.Tech? The qualification of B.Tech is not equivalent to Bachelor of engineering. Therefore PEC does not register them as such. PEC registers only such graduates who possess engineering qualification duly accredited with PEC.
ALHAMDULILLAH ♥️ Finally paid my Admission dues and sent the required documents via TCS.
500s merit positions ko hostel allot hojata hai?
agar koi nust ka hostel afford nahi kar sakta as a pc us ko kya karna cahiya


All MDCAT's scheduled stand cancelled (delayed) until further notice.  National MDCAT will be held by the Commission. Schedule of examination will be announced by the Commission immediately after 2nd October. Source :  Newly launched pakistan medicals commissions website.




Mera Computer Engineering CEME mei admission howa hai can someone guide me.


Merit position 1896  can i be selcted in se mcs


 So here it goes!  I was planning to do a writeup on EME for quiet a while but was waiting for the merit list to come but seeing some of the comments about EME and the endless DMs i had about EME  I think the time is appropriate. ...



Aoa,what's the process for appearing in special exams? Board website pe undertaking mentioned hai, but form nai hai koi? Faisalabad board, Can someone explain, also part 1 exams bhi nai mentioned? I am an additional maths student
Merit no 5000 any chance in any field for PC seats?
Need your help. my marks in inter is 63% ics( i want to do BSCS ), and right now i have these universities in my suggestion,: ->Bahria university lahore ->Pak aims ( IMS ) lahore ->University of south asia lahore... ->NCBA&e lahore which university is best for BSCS and guarantee that recognize with HEC?. Or can you suggest me other universities for BSCS?, Thanks, also is there any university that offer classes from morning 8 to 12 for BSCS?

At what time will be the second merit list uploaded.

Cleared the admission dues on 23rd havent yet received the confirmation email. Did anyone recieve?

Allhamdollilah got selected in electrical engineering seecs
Hostel fee kitni h nust kiHow much is the hostel fee of Nust
Mera admission ho gye ga
Preferences abhi change krne par 2nd list mai consider hogi ya nhi baad mai?

Kisi ko idea hai k merit kitnay % per close hoga PUCIT ka ?
Anyone who got selected in S3H and isn't interested in admission? I mean if they already have taken admission in other institution?
Those whose ′′ not selected yet ′′ is coming, only their names will come in second or third list or whose not selected air is coming, can they also come? GUIDE PLEASE
Masters students can also take minor in UG course or no?
undergrad freshies ko biseater room mil sakta?



I've mailed NUST on email "satadmissions@nust.edu.pk" about my seat confirmation in LLB Hons. and that i don't want to be considered for the next lists. That's enough, right?
Be chemistry mai jo select hue hain aun ka merit num kia hai plz comment

Hostel with mess ke kitne charges hote nust mein... Eme and h12 ke same hote??
I have 1340/1600 marks in SAT 1....82% in Matric and 79% in fsc. what are the chances for Accounting and finance? and if yes then which list? if any one know about that.
Did anyone get fee / documemt verification messege or any kind of receiving notification?
Need your help. my marks in inter is 63% ics( i want to do BSCS ), and right now i have these universities in my suggestion,: ->Bahria university lahore ->Pak aims ( IMS ) lahore ->University of south asia lahore... ->NCBA&e lahore which university is best for BSCS and guarantee that recognize with HEC?. Or can you suggest me other universities for BSCS?, Thanks, also is there any university that offer classes from morning 8 to 12 for BSCS?
How can i change my preferences now.???
Merit position 3192 any chance in civil balouchistan campus ??
Asalamoalikum guys  Anyone selected in first list in EME from Mianwali?
Need your help. my marks in inter is 63% ics( i want to do BSCS ), and right now i have these universities in my suggestion,: ->Bahria university lahore ->Pak aims ( IMS ) lahore ->University of south asia lahore... ->NCBA&e lahore which university is best for BSCS and guarantee that recognize with HEC?. Or can you suggest me other universities for BSCS?, Thanks, also is there any university that offer classes from morning 8 to 12 for BSCS?
Congratulations to the All ones who attempt NET 2 & 3 and get admissions.


When 2 merit list will upload for UG?
Need your help Urgent, my marks in matric in 55%(CS), Inter marks 63%, kindly suggest me best private university for BSCS program, i can pay max 90k per semester for BSCS

Seniors and juniors Please Guide me  How to tell to NUST that we prefer the department which has been given in 1st Merit list . Aesa na ke  They update the preference ......
2110 merit no and LAT test done too for LLB, last list tak aa sakta hai?
ye CMS id kya cheez haiWhat is this CMS id
What's the best to do in Bachelors if you want to pursue Astrophysics from Abroad?
Hello Is there any one who had given Nust NET test ever? If any one Then please Give me some information about it
When second merit list will be announced?
Not Selected ke baad aap ka chance hota hai agli lists mai ya nhi?
Can anyone suggest that which online courses or pages are best for the nbs net preparation where i can register?
I am very confused and worried, my merit position is 770 in business, will I get an admission in PA or any Social sciences field?
Everyone my merit number is 1431,, Yr i need help, I've applied only for computer science, software & civil ,only NUST H-12. The help I'm asking you for is, k ap mn sy jis jis ny in 3 disciples mn apply keya ha, or select hogae ho ya nhi ho,, plz apna merit nmbr btaty jao, ta k mjhy aik idea aa jye,, otherswise I'll lose a lot of money. 
what are the timings for evening classes of Masters at PNEC ??
H12 k hostels ki allotment kb ho gi? Koi problem to ni hoti allotment me?


Pu old campus vs new campus? And why
Has anyone received admission confirmation email after submitting documents to msdocuments@nust.edu.pk?
Tcs ke through jis ne documents send kiye hai kaise pata lage ga pohnch gaye?
Kis field me chances hai...?
2122 merit posit Civil ma hojaye ga? H12 campus
Anyone knows the procedure of fee refund from PIEAS!
What is the purpose of change of preference form?


Anyone got admission in Biosciences in nust?




Merit Number 664 any chance in ACF or BBA?

Drop your merit positions for software seecs.

EME  EE me jiski selection hoi ha please drop ur merit number.
What is the last date to submit change of preferences form ?
I am selected in Nust Balochistan (NBC)
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING (SEECS) ME CONFIRM STUDENTS APNA APNA MERIT POSITION  BATAEN


Anyone knows the closing merit of first list for architecture?
Med certificate mai PM&DC number compulsory hai? The doctor only stamped and didn't put in the number.. Stamp kafi hojayega ya nahi?
6264 is my merit pOsition kia mera NBC QUETTA me naam a sakta ha plz tell me???
NNBS REGISTRATION CLOSED AB KYA KARE KUCH HOSAKTA HAI?

Assalam-o-Alaikum It’s generally for everyone but CS and SE people must give it a read. I’m from CS Batch 2k19 and there was something bothering me about the current merit of CS and SE so I decided to write this here. Y’all might be aware of the fact that CS and SE merit has been getting higher for the past 3 years or so. I thought it would probably be capped with our batch but I was wrong. Be honest, most of you did not come here because CS was your field of choice. Let’s be... even more honest, most of you had no Idea what field to choose. But most of you chose CS/SE because someone related to you or your relatives/parents told you or them “CS mE bOhuT sCopE h bAcHa Cs mE jAo” while they or you don’t know the first thing about the said Field of Study. The reason is simple. They saw the merit getting higher and they recommended it, usually saying something along the line “bEta cOmPuteR kA zAmAna h” Have you, even for a second, bothered to think why the merit is getting higher? It’s because more and more people are applying for this field. Familiar with the concept of supply and demand? You are supposed to supply to the market what’s in demand. If the supply exceeds the demand it goes to waste. Same thing is happening with CS and SE. There are no new jobs in the market but people opting for the field are getting saturated. Higher merit just means there was more supply. Most of you might be scoffing and saying “fReE LaNcinG kR lEn gE , cS mE jOb ki KyA zAroOrat” Let me break it to you bacho.... aapke 4 saal yahan lagane ka koi faida ni jb ab freelancing me roz kaam dhundo ya phir basic salary pr job karo. Choose your field wisely. Kher congrats to everyone who got admitted in first list. Others wait , In Sha Allah apka bhi name ajae ga. R jinka ni ana end tk, ap sb unko galiyan do jinhon ne ye mashwra diya tha. R ainda dusron ko bhi ye baat smjhao

1st of all congratulations to selected candidates. Now tell me, who got scholarship...??? Or everyone received a voucher of 147k...???


Congratulations  to the students selected for mechatronics engineering.......you made best decision Who are selected individuals??
When will the registrations for the upcoming NET 1 open?

Meri 1061 merit position mera koi BSCS (islamabad campus) mein chance he ?
Alhumdulilah got selected for BBA. 🌸 Merit No.201



Just submitted ehsaas form... I came to know that submitting ehsaas for doesn't go directly to government rather we have to send the printed submitted form to nust... So guys we can mention our estimated cost of studying at NUST and then mail them the application form.
BS botany from QAU or BS chemistry from UMT ? Which one is best??  Plz guide me
This is how the 50 stamp paper will look after printing! Second form in comments!  (Medical ka form nai bhejna abhi, sirf corona affidavit and undertaking each on 50 rs stamp paper)  Ps :  for undertaking form I got point (a ) and (g ) written together and did not add point b-f , ap ko alag alag karwanay hain ya a to g saray print krwanay hain tou apki marzi !  (Jis bhi wakeel/stamp vender se yay banwain usko bolain k please inpe oath commissioner se stamp lagwa k attest krwa deein)
I'm 2nd year Mechatronics student at CEME, NUST. If any junior needs any guidance regarding admissions/hostels, feel free to contact me. Regards
How it will be confirmed that fees is submitted? Mana kal fees aur document dono jama karwa dia thay lekin koi confirmation nahi ayi
I submitted the hostel application a day ago and selected the option of "unpaid" where it said "admission dues:". I just cleared my admission dues, i hope that this wont affect the hostel selection process in any way?

Two people leaving bba program please comment closing merit was 227 i am 229 😂
Anyone coming for mechatronics engineering

Anyone who got Admission in Bs Artificial Intelligence?  Kindly drop your merit number.
I have merit position 1967 and with first preference Computer Engineering EME. The first merit list closed at 1635 so what are my chances of getting selected? Also upto which list? Please help because I’m really confused as I’ve to submit the fee today


Assalamoalikum  Pls suggest BS artificial intelligence kia ha kese  field hA BS data science kia ha kesa ha
Is hostel availability based on merit position? Or on the merit list  you are selected in eg 1st 2nd?
Closing merit of MS Computer science? Of 1st selection list.

Kindly jo documents mail krne hen unk mutaliq guide kr den . k original documents krne hen ya photo copy attest krwa k mail krne hen or selection letter or willingness certificate  k sath checklist ka b print niklwana h kia ? Qk checklist p name roll no wgera mention h agr krna h to kia usy b mail krna h?
Who is going to nust for PG admissions from fsd? Fall 20


Aoa interested in mechanical UET ksk (MECHANICAL) kesa option hh rahther to wait for nust civil ???
 MDCAT dates changes and many more developments by the decision of PM Imran Khan. #breakingnews #PMImran #news #medical #doctor #medicalstudent #MBBS #BDS #EntryTest #MDCAT


Which one is best for future scope? And somehow present scope too..! Kindly, interest waala comment na krna..! 
Why Computer engineering is not a popular choice comparatively cs or se

Anyone Having Idea about Closing Merit of SMME in first list.??




Bohot saray students ka yahy question ha... Ka attested photocopies of marksheet... Etc aur challan ki copy aur medical, undertaking, walay form.. Ya sab 24 tak must jama karana ha ya 24 tak fee hi jama karani baaqi ya sab cheezay baad ma bhi day saktay
Registration no Nust roll no likhna hai ya phir CMS ID?
Sent all the documents via tcs on urgent basis time pe pohnch jayenge ya nahi?



Iam from karachi and hostel ka scenes bara problematic ban raha hai. Hostels khulain gai?  Corona kai amidst mai bhi triseater hi milain gai? What are the chances that for 1st semester students ki online classes hoon? Possibility of getting a hostel if u apply for it after second list?
IMPORTANT:  My first preference is BS CS and i have been selected in it in first list but in Hostel Forms it is BS PHYSICS and not SEECS. what do i do

Merit position 582. Do I have any chance in bba? How many lists are gonna be displayed?
Mera CNIC banay gya howa, mein hostel form may bform laga du? Ya wou paper scan karkay laga du jispar mentioned Kay CNIC banay gya howa


Anyone know about Arid Agriculture University kiya date extend hoe hay?
Can we apply in Nust for IT?  Can there's a possibility of getting admission now ??
Merit number 545 any chance in bba?

Pieas ki nerot list ka pata h ksi ko.......tu jata dy....plz link ho tu wo ji share kr dana....




Who is coming to GIKI (BME).Drop your merit no.
Aggregate in NET 3 is 65.7% Any chances in CS in NBC? Any chances for FA? Plz guide!
Scope wise which engineering  field is best among Mechatronics  and Chemical  engineering  when one is interested  in both... Seniors are requested  to drop comments Thank you

Does Anybody know the closing merit position for BSCS?
Koi bataye ga kay smme ki orientation kab hai ?

Aoa  1182 civil mein possible hh  Aur mechanical EME mein Also drop your merit position if selected.
Dear all, ye Pakistan Bait ul Maal ki website hai. I asked my father Jo log fees pay ni ker sktay un ki help kerty hain ye log. Here is the link and screenshot Allah ap sab ka bhala keray plz approve http://www.pbm.gov.pk/forms.htmlDear all, this is the website of Pakistan Bait ul Maal. I asked my father, these people help those who can't pay fees. Here is the link and screenshot May Allah bless you all, please approve http://www.pbm.gov.pk/forms.html
Ms environmental engineering main admission ka aggregate kitna hona chahiay for admission or 2021 main kab open ho re admission need help


anyone planning for EME, NUST can contact me...especially Mechatronics walay
Hi ! Fee Voucher I get is about 147k but i am not selected in my 1st preference. In Case of refund how much they deduct ?
Does anybody know the closing merit position for BBA in first list?
Anyone having queries or need serious guidence about NUST Balochistan Campus,Quetta Contact me, Aqeel Abbas Haroon Bhatti

Civil engineering ka koi student ha help chaiya 👷‍♂️👷Is there any student of civil engineering, need help 👷 ♂️👷
My first preference was CS. merit position was 770 plus. But i am not selected yet. Got my name in BS mathematics. I deposited my fee today as i thought k khud he merit upgrade hoga tu  CS maen naam aa jae ga aur fee bhee udher transfer ho jae ge..but just came to know that i made a mistake. Please please help me out...it is not easy to pay fee again before that refund...i am tooo much tensed. Ab kya hoga.
How is Nust Balochistan Campus?? I am selected in it.. Is it good? developed? It will be there first batch???
MS list is uploaded !
admission open hen ya close ho gye hn bhai plz tell me meri supply the results kal aya ha
Got selected in software engineering at MCS  But i wanted in CS My merit position is 1301  Should i deposit fee and expect my name in later lists?? Or there isn,t any chance???
Merit position 957 par CS (SEECS) 2nd list mei hojaye ga?
Done with EE EME💣💥😍

Merit number 2465. Any chance in Chemical engineering (closing merit 2487)? My first preference is Chemical engineering, is it risk?
MSDS ki kitni merit lists lgain gi any idea?
Merit No: 2140 MCS(Software or Electrical ) EME(computer) Any chance??

Who are coming to NUST Balochistan Campus(NBC) Quetta...?? CS ya Civil Engineering  Agr kisi ko information chahiye hai too For Civil engineering  Muhammad Nadeem Malik Muhammad Adnan Qureshi Ammar Sheikh Wajid Ali... For CS Adnan Khan Khattak Faizan Faizy Sufyan Mughal Haroon Bhatti  Syy rabta kar sktty han
Can anyone please let me know what is the program code# of: industrial and manufacturing engineering (PNEC)?

People who got selected in Software engineering mcs please drop your merit no


As salam u alaikum, usually Nust ya engineering Universities ma admission 1styr r entry test ka base pr hota tha, lakin q ki is bar govt na 1st year ka stds ko without exams promote kya h to next year ki admission policy kiya hogi? Matric ka base pr admission milngy ya fsc ka results ka any ka bad hi milyga?  Net ka exams dec ma dyna compulsory h ya next year 2nd year ka exmas dyny ka bad b Netbda skty hn? Agr da skty hn to kis month ma Net conduct hoga?

Guys, it says on the selection letter in point 1 that we need to pay dues before 24th...in point 2 it says that we also need to send all the documents by 24th. . It's actually almost impossible to send courier on 22nd and it reaches NUST on 24th..... Can anyone tell me? Do we only need to pay the dues before 24th or is it necessary for the documents to be delivered as well?
Nust electrical engineering (eme) VS UET lahore mechatronics engineering.. Interest is towards technology specifically AI. Any guidance will be really appreciated..... I am really confused and don't know what to do.
Last merit position offered admission in 1st selection list for BS Physics session 2020 is 300.
Eme EE ka maximum kahan tak gaya hai??? Koi idea
seecs islamabad mn jinka software mn hya drop ur merit
MCE(nust) Civil Vs IST aerospace engineering Which is better option?
I want to know that can I apply now for ehsaas program. I have got admission in Nust civil engineering. I haven't applied for any scholarship before at Nust. Now I want to apply for Ehsaas program Scholarship. Is it possible now to get scholarship?... I will submit first semester fee and later before 30th of this month submit required documents of ehsaas program at Nust. Kindly guide
If someone is selected in a program which is his/her 2nd or 3rd preference, is it still obligatory to send the undertakings if yes then why because we will have to do this whole thing again after selection in one's desired field.
I have selected in NBC for CS... should i pickup the opportunity????
1st list me Seecs electrical me jo select hue hain apna merit no. drop krdein plz
Alhamdulilah Got selected in civil in NUST Plz seniours bta dy fee invoice ki copy k sth kn kn sy documents bhejny hn Plzz reply fast
Has anyone been accepted for the BS Physics Program?

I have selected in Mechanical engineering (SMME) at H 12 Nust
Merit list is out. Goodluck everyone! :)
Alhamdullilah Got selected in Civil Engineering.
Civil engineering walo kindly apnay merit no. drop kro!
what programming languages are taught at SEECS for computer science?
Those who are selected for nnbs . Have you submitted the ehsas scholarship form?
Jo log Economics ur Public Administration mn select hue hn wo apna aggregate bta den🙏🏻
Assalam walaikum First of all heartiest congratulations to all who have been selected in the merit list. Now I have few questions regarding MCS EE(telecom) rawalpindi(i know mn phly bhi bht ques puch chuki but abhi bhi confusion h).. So please any senior studying answer these questions.. 1)My merit position is 3082 so mera confirm hosakta h k nhi or kis list tk wait krna parega.. 2)scope kya h field (already checked the courses and interest h).. Bachelors k bad army join krsk...ty hn(especially girls).. Or is field mn bachelors k bd computer relating fields mn MS krskty hn.. 3)Girls k liye hostel miljata h asani like agr last ki lists mn naam aajae tw hostel miljae ga.. Help would be appreciated.. I know my questions may sound dumb but confusion h bht. And or kahin apply bhi nhi kiya..
Anyone got selected for chemical engg. (H-12 campus) Drop ur merit position.
Comment down your merit positions less than 500,  if you’ve got an admission in s3h alongside your preference.
Eme me ma kis ki selection ho gayi h?)
Any Quaid e Azam 1st samester of BBA there?     Please tell me    If class is online for next two days or not ?      Need authentic information           Thankyou ...!


Selected in bpa even though it was my 3rd preference,now should i deposit my fee or wait for 2nd list what is the procedure? Any one please be serious
I was hell confused and couldn't find the answer, btw now I've got the answer and collected some information..in short bari mehnat kebaad I could have compiled this... #1Confusion yeh thi k agar 24th ko fee pay karen then it will not be possible for students living in distant areas in any way to send the documents that could reach on 24th. Below is attached their response regarding the above query. #2Compilation of the previous year's dates of display for both UG & Biosciences so that we could have an estimate till what time and in how much intervals of time they will display the lists.
Attention..!   If there are Students from BBA first samester, There exist online classes for wednesday and thursday for 1st samester??       Need Authentic information...!
Yar kisy ka MCS mai name aya hai to batao. Merit high ja raha ya low


336 Bs Chemistry and not selected   chances in which list??

Those Who are selected in Mechanical Engineering (Isb)  Drop your Merit Number.   I want to know what is the closing merit of SMME in first list?

Nust H12 ke liye koi transport ka arrangement hai Rawalpindi se?
My brother had 774 merit position. Not selected for BSCS.  What are the chances of getting admission in BSCS in the coming merit lists.? I was really hoping he would get admission in the first merit list.  Is the merit higher this time?
Congratulations to all those selected in NBC Quetta. Indeed a golden opportunity for you to pursue education in this beautiful Quetta city. If you have any queries regarding campus, seniors will help you out. As campus is newly established so you must have many questions about it. It's ok, we passed through same situation last year but we had no seniors so you are lucky to have such helping seniors to guide you.  Just drop your query in comments and seniors will guide you thoroughly.
mra BS chemmistry m not selected lkha h ab kise list m ane ka chance h ya ni ? agle list kb tk lgne
Hostel ka form to submit kr dia h us k dues ka to khi nhi likha hua wo kb pay krne??
Any senior from mcs??




Which is better.. Interest is technology oriented specifically towards AI. 
Economics vs accounting and finance scope and difficulty level?
Sb apna apna merit no. Or aggregate btao



Student of programme mai kya likhna hai?  Affidavit and undertaking mai.


How many marks should i  secure in fsc and net to get admission in d pharmacy or any field of applied bioscience???


Anyone knows CS closing merit for 1st merit list???
What is Data Science?   (Data science in Urdu/Hindi.) Ye ak aysa discipline hay jismy data ki madad se cheezon ko understand kia jata hay. Ismay kuch scientific... methods, algorithms use kiye jaten hayn jiski madad se hamy ksi bhi structured or unstructured data se knowledge militi hay. Is technique me mostly data se deal kia jata hay. Data ko store, record or analyze kia jata hay or useful information get (hasil) Karli jati hay.  Data science data mining, deep learning or big data se relate karti hay. Explanation and Example: Jese k internet ki dunya grow kar rahi hay or har cheez online hugai hay, istrah data internet par increase karta jara hay. Ab is data ko secure bhi karna hay, store bhi karna hay, or manage bhi karna hay. Is situation may Data science ak important discipline ki form me samny ati hay. For example, agar kisi company k pass bohat zada data (i.e petabytes of data) ho gya hay to usay data science apply krni pary gi. Data science effectively data store, manage or use karny me madad dega. Ismay koi shak ni k any wala time data ka hay. Har ksi ko data se deal krna pary ga, to wo phr koi company ho, koi government organization ho, ya koi b individual ho, data sub k liye important cheez ha. Bohat c bari companies jese k Facebook, Youtube, Microsoft data science ki madad se hi apny data ko manage karti hain. Aanay waly waqt me is field ka scope bhi increase hony wala hay. Data Science ki madad se business plans define kiye jaa sktay hain, sales, profit or loss predict kia ja skta or isi tarah iski kafi applications hain. Ab wo field medical ki ho, business ho ya education, data science har field me apna kaam dikha rhi hay. To phr ap bhi is field k bary me mazeed explore Karen, ku k internet ki dunya me data ki importance day-by-day barhti hi jari hay. To zaror is field k bary me learn karen and grow karen. Keep Learning😊 #datascience #aasanlearning #education #technology #pakistan
Whats the last merit on 1st list for bs phy
BS ME (PIEAS)       Or BSME (EME/NUST) Need suggestion with reason 😁
ASALAM O Alaikum.  Kis kis ko need based scholarship milli ha? Need some guidance.
Quetta cs k liye jo select hogayai hain drop your merit positions please
Can anyone guide me about NUST migration policy and their requirements, if i want to  migrate from other University?


Srf fee Jama krwana lazmi hai selection process mey rehny key leye ya sarey documents bhejny hoty Hain?

Merit position 1182 Mechanical from EME  Ho sakta hh?? I also made a mistake I not give preference of mechanical EME  Any solution??
What they said about llb? Lat result not announced
Jis field my admison howa hy agar usmy fee pay na ke to second list my name ayga ???
THOSE WHO GOT IN LLB .KINDLY DROP YOUR MERIT POSITIONS..
Yr ye financial aid valo ko acceptance of scholarship ki mail recieve ho to jayegi na.🙄 Vesy to ye parso sy mails ka reply nhi kr rhy🙄



Can the selected candidates for Artificial Intelligence  and Autonomous Systems at SEECS share their merit positions please?
Yr LAT k without llb first preference kuo rakhi ab sb bachy Apni preference change krva rhy hai??? Whhhhyyyyyy
My merit position is 628, meri selection LLB me ho gai hai but i have not given LAT. and it was my last preference , economics was my first. Now they are asking for LAT result ..what should i do??? please help 🙁🙁
MCS EE kahan tak gaya hai koi andaza hai.
Yrr mera 233 merit no hai. Second merit list mai Indutrial designing Mai naam aa jyega kya? BTW it was at second preference. Need help plz.
Chalan ki photo copy bhi tcs karni h kia?



anyone from MS Material and Surface Engineering  ???
Can someone share closing merit position of material, environmental and geoinformatics engineering?
Can someone share closing merit position of material, environmental and geoinformatics engineering?
 I believe it is very unfair to law students who got selected for LAW but couldn't appear in LAT in such hasty circumstances. LAT was not even mentioned in the advertisement; moreover, NUST announced it's law policy so late and by that time registrations were almost closed or very few students could appear in the test. NUST should allow students to be eligible for the program considering they give LAT on the upcoming test date that is in Jan/Feb 2021. 
Hostel application form me draft number processing fee ka enter krna he ye draft number NET-3 ki fee ka he ya Chalan form jo admission ke liye mila he us ka he??? please anybody tell me
PNEC me EE or ME me jinka admission hua hai wo apna merit no batain plz


Alevel walay hazraat as level equivalence ki jagah kya bhej rahay ha? I am sending attested copy of both as level result and certificate
Seecs or eme for electrical or seecs for software engineering??. Need suggestions please
Wrote this on 29 December, 2019. Almost ho gya admission ❤️.
What is my registration number, the roll number on selection form or cms id?
ANYBODY WHO KNOWS NUST PNEC KARACHI CAMPUS LAST MERIT.  Aggregate= 55 Any possibility on PC seat
MS Math k wo students jinka name 1st list me aya hai please agr idr hai koi to btaye help chahiye
Guys please can anybody tell me where to submit these documents? I will personally visit the campus tommorrow INSHA'ALLAH.
my merit position is 1150 in social sciences? Do i have any chance in mass com. And my net score was 131
I have got admission in uet texila for machaincal engineering Kia mjy is saal jana chaiay ya next year mehnat kr k nust Jana  chaiay 🙄🙄🙄 Syed Aoon Haider Bhai ap b btana zra🙄😅

Whats the closing merit for CS first list?
pls let me know.  My first preference is CS, but my merit number is not too good. Even if I get selected, it will be in the last list. As of now, I am selected in Computer Engineering. Whereas my second preference in Bs. Psychology, in which I have been selected.  I want to freeze my psychology seat until I am sure of whether I got into CS or not. Kahan ki fees jama karwaoo? Agar psychology ki karwai, to kya will I be able to go to CS when my name comes in later lists?  Ya comp engineering ki karwna lazmi hai, so that I can be considered for upcoming lists? Pls help. Give me a solution in which my psychology seat remains safe until the last lists, and then if I get into CS, I can shift .
Your merit position and preferences in nbs and s3h?
Hostel milne ki confirmation kab tak ae gi? Any idea?How long will the confirmation of meeting the hostel come? Any idea?

What if I get selected in LLB at NUST without LAT and I don't have LAT Score.
Llb selected candidates drop your merit no?? Please
Bs Maths selected people Drop your merit


Guys first selection list has been uploaded, go check yours

Mera cs m name a gya ha Alhamdulillah but hostel k form m bs math likha huwa ha jo meri preference nhi so plz help hostel k koi issue t nhi ha

Drop you merit number,if you are selected for EE  PNEC.
Guys those who are selected for NNBS you have to apply for ehsas scholarship to avail NNBS. Those who had already applied now just submit the desired documents.

Those selected in CIVIL ENGINEERING IN NUST RISALPUR CAMPUS, share your merit position?
Kon kon nust software eng ma select howa hy ani merit position share Kay😁😁☠☠
People going for EE SEECS please enter your Merit position
A level students didn't get results YET, how do we send IBCC equivalence to NUST, as they've asked for it by 24th latest for those selected in first merit list

What about the scope of civil eng in future after graduating from nust in pak and in abroad
Not yet selected main kitna chance hoga admission ka
Merit position 1644 in BS Maths. Any chances?
I can't get this... Jab fee submit Karne ki last date 24th hai then how are we supposed to send the documents till 24th? Documents kesath fee receipt b lagni hai..
anybody has closing merits 2019 for engineering and CS please share in cmnts,
Jo jo LLB mai select hwa h zra apna merit number bta dein????


1st preference is software and 2nd CS but 1st merit list has happened in CS so wait for the 2nd list for software?? and any idea for how long it will be 2 nd list.

AoA guyz Mra first merit list mein civil h12 campus  me huaa ha but my first preference BSCS haa  Merit no 882  To kia nxt merit lists me chance haa k hojae ga??? Aur agr hojata ha to me civil se CS me transfer kse krwaon ga... N should I submit fee for civil k nxt lists me CS me hojae???
I have my 1st preference Civil engineering Islamabad. My merit position is 1031. Kon si list mn name aane ka chance hai. Please seniors guide..!
Any one here who got selected to llb drop your merit position and aggregate
Should i write here name of program i am selected in i.e bs economics my 2nd prefrence or should i write my 1st preference bba for upgradation in 2nd selection list
I have 665 merit position and merit for psychology is on 523 will I get upgraded from llb to that? Please help out anyone selected in psychology please drop your merit number


is there any nust transport facility available
Guys I have been selected in materials Engineering with merit position 1706 is there any chances there that i should be upgraded to chemical engineering as i have set it as my 1st preference kindly reply because i have submitted the dues of UET So that i can apply for refund!
Software or cs
Intermediate part 2 ka result kese check krna? First year k roll no. Se?



How many merit lists nust has?  How many are this year? And how to view them? Anyone?
Kiya affidavit ya medical certificate ke liye covid ka test karana zaroori?
Anyone here who got selected in bs Architecture but won't be taking admission in it?
Those who got selected in BBA please drop your merit position
Can anyone tell the complete list of documents which are to be submitted?
Jis jis ka ID men selection hoa hy drop your merit positions please

Aoa, my merit no. is 1155 and preference is mechanical engineering eme campus, my name is not present in list. So upto how many lists I have to wait because uet taxila classes are starting from 1st october?? Last year merit was 1362.please guide.



Bs psychology kis list ksi na dekhi hai to closing bta dyn aur kitna students hai thanks in advance


How to apply for MCS HOSTEL?
mera admission EE SEECS aur BS Physics me hua he but Hostel form sirf BS Physics ka show ho rha he. Me ne jaana SEECS me he should i fill the hostel form for BS Physics ??  SEECS ka hostel form kaha se mile ga
What is the exact policy to upgrade your program if you have been selected for one and then got selected for another.
Chemical engineering selected in 1st merit list; please drop your merit position
Meri 1st preference pnec mechanical thi but i got admission in pnec electrical jo kay meri 2nd preference thi. should i pay the fees or wait for second list?
Any one slected in LL.B please drop your merit number in comment...?
Kiya sab ko poori fees submit karane ka kaha hai ya kisi ko scholarship mili hai??? I applied for ehsaas before merit list but still got full fee.. Anyone here who got scholarship????
Friends kindly tell me please ye k nust ki list and merit positions har net k baad allot hoti Hain ya just net 3 k baad ??
Civil Nice closing for 1st list ?

Congrats to everyone who got selected in S3H, please drop your merit position for Business
Who got admission in MCS SE  comment below



Is nust good for bba ?

2nd merit list kub lagay ge ?😭😭😭😭merit position 776 per CS maen naam nahen aya... Agar 2nd preference( Bsc Mathematics) maen naam aya hae tu kya fee deposit krwaon ya 2nd merit list ka wait kroon?





Fee ki last date to 24 h to kia documents bhi 24 tk hi submit krwane h??

 Congratulations to all the selected candidates. #Note:  After depositing dues, if you desire to retain the allocated programme irrespective of the preferences given in the application, please do inform the University in writing or Email at admissions@nust.edu.pk latest by 24-Sep-2020. So that your upward revision process is blocked in subsequent selections, otherwise you will remain in selection process

last year merit of M.S chemistry and what is merit criteria

If someone is selected in higher preference , does it mean they have merit for lower preferences too?
Public administration mn kis ka admission hua hA Jis ki merit position 600+ ho?

Candidates selected for BS Economics, drop your merits in the comments below please.


Drop your merit position of mechanical CEME
Any selected in bs aerospace. drop your merit position
Guyz !  Drop your merit position and preference in which your are selected ...  Congrats to those who have been selected in their desired preference
229 merit number not selected in bba 😑
Closing merit of mechanical and software engineering?

Those who got selected in LLB ! Where are you ? :)



Congratulations to selected ones. undergraduate merit list is out check ur accounts.
Cs or software wale jo first list me select ho gae hai
Where can I find nust current closing merit list?
Anyone selected for geoinformatics envoirnmental or materials plz merit position share kerin ge apni

Anyone here who knows what's the lowest merit position of bba was ????
Eme (mechanical) Selected students drop comment here


YE KHA SE BANE GE

Merit list mn name aane ke baad kitne din ke andar fee jama karwani hoti hai?



What about merit numbers?
1st UG Merit list is out! https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/result/meritsearch.aspx


Interested in Robotics Mechatronics ya Mechanical From EME
eme k hostel charges?? including mess nd accommodation???



Merit Position : 1316 Mechatronics my nam a jay gha ?? If yes then in Which List .??




Can someone explain these hostel instructions for nust?
my merit position is 682 and i gave my preference in economics and psychology. can i get my name in 1 merit list?





Merit position 476 chances in bba?

Since you still have time to change your preferences to ek bar again soch laien specially cs or se and wo log jo apna interest chor k h12 hi lazmi ja rahy. CS OR SE: Agr to apka interest ha then to bohat achy baat ha but agr just scope dekh k ka ja rahy ho then bht problem hony wali ha next. No doubt k inka scope bht ha but interest hoga then hi baat bany gy kisi bhi achi university ka cs or se department dekh laein specially jaha relative grading ha hr bacha audhr ro raha ho...ta ha 1 saal baad bcz tab core subjects aty haien or masla banta ha even nust ma 90%+ in matric n fsc cs ma haien or ab 1 2 saal baad wo keh raha again net dena ha. So ek bar again soch laien bcz scope k chakar ma baad ma regret naw ho. CAMPUS WALY: No doubt k h12 ki campus life baqio sy achi ha but main cheez to apki parhai ha jb kisi cheez ma interest hi ni ha but h12 ma ho raha ha to think about your interest not campus.
Agar Gat ka result address pr receive Na ho to Incase Kia Kar saktay ham

Ummmm 🌚 Ok :cc Hey! This is Jawaria doing civil from Nust! Since merit positions have been announced and u guys may have decided your field or maybe still thinking about one...dw everything will be alright.I am here to help tho.🌝 If u have any queries related to my department,Feel free to ask...🌺 P.S: Ik yahan logon k minds mein bht se questions hyn but they don’t ask!!! Mjhy b ajeeb lgta thaaa poochna leikin yeh Nust ki fam hy chill maaro <333
Which is better Mechanical from nust Or mechanical from pieas
 I have interest in building bridges, dams, water management and resources. At the same time, I am also interested in studies of Nuclear physics. I still don't know a lot about my interests but that's what I know so far.... My merit position is 505 and I am going for civil engineering. Is this field closest to my interests? 🤔 I think my interests are a little stupid and childish may be, is it so?

Which Field should one choose, If they have to go abroad in Future?? In short which have scope inside the country as well as Abroad!!(Europe)

So with aggregate 73.21% .. i was expecting merit position of 1000+ ...but BOOM!! 870 ..i had made up my mind of CS from ITU lahote , as it's near to where i live and nust has a huge expense including hostel fees and expenditures as compared to itu (almost 70k to 90k per semester)...convince me to do CS from nust and it's benifits in future...  So which one is better for CS ..nust or itu Also , if i want to go foreign for masters..which will u prefer?
Confused btw the two ; BS SE and BS CS. Any suggestions?
PC ka liya fee structure kya haWhat is the fee structure for PC?
MS DS Merit Position 84. Not selected.


68 merit position MSCS 127 MS DS 73 MS IS



Need guidance. My merit number is 358. I put computer science of seecs in 1st preference. I also ticked bs physics math and chemistry. So I will be selected in computer science right.
koi senior bta skta k MS physics ki kitni seats hoti h ?? kindly guide me if you can
NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admission 2020  Subject: Updates on declaration of 1st Merit Selection List  It is to be informed that First Merit Selection List for NUST Undergraduate Admission 2020 is likely to be issued on 21st or 22nd of September 2020. (In Sha Allah) 
Merit position: 258 Chances in first list for BBA?

Merit position 4189 in CS/Engineering. Any chance in Nust?
Asslalam u alaikum........ Congratulations to all the members of the group who got selected today in BS and MS at NUST.and Best of luck to everyone........... Kindly seniors tell me the last year closing merit position for MS in Energy Systems Engineering (USPCASE).
My merit is 38. MS CHem any chance in 2nd list? And anyone here who has merit close to 38?

Yr idr koi add maths federal board ka band hai kuch sawal karne hain????? Admin approve maar dey yr....Is there any add maths federal board closed here, want to ask some questions????? Admin approve please kill me....
Yaar  Mechatronics yeh mechanical from CEME.. Merit no. 641 Interested in mechatronics
Koi bata sakta hy k agar industrial men admission hojaye or fees b de de tou bad men architecture men transfer hoskta hy?

Merit position 476 chances in bba?
Nust ka transport system hai Islamabad k students k leya ?
Closing merit position of NUST 2015-19 may be helpful in updating preferences
Life in mcs? For ms in telecommunication? Koi acha sa guide kr de.. Thanks in advance.
Asalam o alaikum frnz. Anyone out there from NUST who is taking interest free loan from ihsaan Trust? I need some assistance
Merit position:1680  Chances in ME and EE EME?  If there are chances, for how many lists should i wait?
Hi  What are the usual class timings of NBS for MS Supply Chain and Logistics?
jinho ne paying cadet k liye apply kiya he kindly merit position share karen.. and specially wo jo jisne SE top pe rakka he.... iske elawa serving or Rtrd bhi mention kren... shukriya......
Assalam u alaikum. I have secured admission in UET taxila in BS CS. My nust merit number is 3382 And last year merit position for electrical engineering from MCS was 3620. Should I go to UET taxila or MCS Nust for electrical engineering which is actually Telecommunication engineering.... Kindly tell me. I am from Rawalpindi
Any people here who got selected in MS CS/DS today in SEECS ?
BS  Applied biosciences ka 2019 mein merit kahan pr end hua tha.What was the last merit position?
Hacking kilia konsi field better hai se ya cs?? Serious Sugg please
Do anyone know how to  refund fee from uet Lahore.. Thank you
MS KAY DOCUMENT UPLOAD KARNAY HAIN YA NUST H-12 SEND KARNAY HAIN
So, Matric result is announced. This post is for your siblings, cousins, friends and all those who just completed matric.  Mostly students will be thinking either to study pre medical or pre engineering. Both fields are totally different.  Choose your own interest and never listen to people. If someone is best in medical, he would advice you for medical. If someone is best in engineering, he would advice you to join engineering. And if someone remained bad at medical, he would not suggest you medical & vice versa. Listen, there is not only medical or engineering, there is also Computer Science (ICS), business etc. Pick up only your interest. Never listen to people. Only listen to your heart, what you like biology or mathematics However, final choice is yours. Best of luck 👍 By Jamshaid Khalid

EME men MS SE Program ki kitnay din class hoti hai week men

Hi  Is there any option of paying semester fee in installments? If yes, how? Also, when will we be intimated about classes schedule?



Does anyone know keh 1st merit list kub lagni ha
Merit positions are now allocated  can someone guide me on how to check if I am selected or not?
Koi  hai jo MS CS ya MS DS ma select hua hai? Mera tu portal pe kuch show he ni hu raha 😒😒
Expected merit of Software h12
Aoa! MashaAllah I'm selected in Ms rimms and Ms electrical (telecommunication) engineering mcs. PlZzzZz guide me about that which one should i choose and which one is better also I'm not selected in (uspcase power) merit number 76... so should I wait for power in subsequent merit list or choose one of the two.... plzzz need advice from seniors or anyone having experience . Thanks in advance.... Waiting for your reply.
Drop your merit position for MS MATH ?
MS data Science Merit position 84 not selected. Anyone from ms data Science share their Merit position who got selected?
Those who got selected or not in MS PHYSICS (nust). Kindly leave comments.
I got 164 merit position I applied for MSCS but not selected...Is there any chance?
Hey guys so congratulations to everyone who made it into Nust. Most of u at this stage would be worried w.r.t ragging about that i want to clarify it to u all that there's no ragging culture in Nust. Ice breaking hoti he instead, it's just a fun interactive session between juniors and seniors as a result of which juniors get some confidence and befriend their seniors. No one is forced to do anything they ain't comfortable with. Idk about other departments but at SMME the seni...ors are pretty helpful and there's a brotherly atmosphere, no one bothers anyone and everyone just helps one another. Department me ragging ge against strict laws bhi hen so it's a big No. Major ragging hostels me hoti he. I'm personally against it tbh but there are people who still do it but again it's nothing much to worry about, will max last a couple of days and it's sorta easily avoidable. Baaki If anyone wants some info regarding Nust or wants some clarification on rumours ask away.
What will be the expected merit for Nust H-12 campus for Environmental Engineering?
MS/mPhil merit list has been announced check yours account congratulations to selected ones..
Bs applied health sciences ki list kb lgy gi?
Aoa. Thoughts on mechatronics engineering? Any senior from mechatronics engineering here?
Someone jis ny ehsas apply krlia ho? Gotta ask something

Merit. No 4249 Is there any chance of admission in Environmental Engineering in Nust and if possible in which merit list?
MS applied biedical sciences. Merit position 65. Any chance to come in second list?

Anybody here applied in CIPS school for the MS? What's the expected merit for the MS Peace and Conflict Studies? Any idea? Any senior would like to help, please? They are going to display the first merit list tomorrow I guess, right?
Merit position has been alloted kindly check yours.
Hello everyone my merit no is 3508 I know keh nhi hoga but phir bhi any chance in any field of business??
Merit position 541,chance in CS?
How many seats are there for MS chemistry?
Ksi field main chance ha ???

My merit position is 58 .Are there any chances of admission in MS physics?

How many seats are there in MS physics in nust?

is there a possibility of getting a new merit number after the fist list? Also if for example bscs ka last merit number 2000 which means 2000 students can get in but if everybody wants to get in tou Nust has got 2000 seats for them?? its just a lil confusion.
Anyone who can guide me, I have 101 merit position at USPCAS-E and also selected at UET for MS what should I do, I should secure admission or wait for USPCAS

Orientation agar 12 se start ho rhi hai to hostel kab se join krna hoga?
Hlo peeps! I want to say congratulations to those who have achieved good merit positions. Aur orientation week miss na kar. Aur ya log jo kah rahay hum seniors ki ragging karay gay wo zara tayar rahay
Agr kisi ko preference set krny mei guidance chahiye to you can contact me . I understand it is a difficult phase and all of us have gone through it .


58 merit list position in Ms Environmental engineering, is there any chance
2019 me last selected merit position kya thi for MS CS?

how many seats are there in M.S environmental sciences in  H-12?
Assalam O alaikum I am In 2nd year , From district Badin ,Sindh ... i just wanna get information how to be prepare for joining , tests and admissions etc ...can Anyone Please guide me ??
My merit number is 2465. Did I filled the preference list correctly?
Kisi ko pata hai bioscience ki merit position kab ani matlb 10th oct is last date of submission of complete result...I'm an alevel student to jo jo submit krwa rha hai usko sath hi mil rhi position ya 10th ke bad mile gi ? Guide me here pleaseDoes anyone know when the merit position of bioscience will be ani means 10th Oct is last date of submission of complete result... I am an allvel student to those who are submitting, they are getting the position or 10 Will you get it after th? Guide me here please



MS walooon merit num agyaaa.. check your acc
NUST 1st semester (Fall-2020) will start from 12-Oct-2020. Be ready.
My advice for the folks who are opting for CS or SE  I know in Pakistan Thuppa 🎀 matters  But  IT,CS,SE These are the fileds where your Skills Your Ability Your expertise Matter the most Not Logo of Uni  Not CGPA ... Not your background Not Your Agraji     I have saw ppl from NUST from University of California Struggling for job and I Have also saw the ppl from IQRA or Maju University earning in 6 Figures  So need to get disheartened if you couldn't  make it through  If you are driven and motivated  enough  World Is YOURS 🙂 Need any Guidance or Help  ? Related to  #Sholarships or Career Goals DM me
What is the number of seats in bba in nust ?

got 93rd position in MsDS and not selected in first list. any chances?
When will the selection list be uploaded? Has anyone got a mail from nust?
65 merit position no for MS at SEECS any possibility ?
Kis me chances he name ane ka in next list
There are PAF cadets who enter CAE through ISSB, then there are civilans who enter via GAT test... I am talking about MS Aerospace Engineering... soo my question is if I complete my 2 years MS program, where my future lies? Can I get to PAF as a civilian graduate??? I am sooo confused. Got selected in MS Aerospace at CAE Alhamdullilah, but already finished a weeks classes at Air University...
ASSALAMOALAIKUM.  Poochna ye tha k first merit list me agar BS Physics ya maths me naam ajaye or interest us me na ho tw second merit list me roll number engineering program k liye consider kia jayega? Seniors. ..?? I wanted to ask that if the name comes in the first merit list in BS Physics or Maths and the interest is not in it, then the roll number in the second merit list will be considered for engineering program? Seniors. ..??
Asalam-u-alikum! Kindly koye bata day keh NUST ke merit list kab lagni hay?
 Jisme se apko original documents+ (3-4) photocopied documents apne department me submit krwaney hongy.. remaining document apne file ya portfolio me sambhaal kar rakhein... Future me boht helpful hongey wo documents.  Otherwise jab bhi apko koe document ki zarurt pregi (in future) then apko department se apne document wpis lene hongy aur nust offices apko itna ghumayegi aik jaga se dusri jaga😂 . . Thanks
Plz some one tell me, M.S me per semster me kitny students laity hain..any deptt me ??
Merit no 433  Always wanted to do civil but donno why getting lots of second thoughts these days. What are the chances in Mechanical SMME btw?  Btw I'm interested in mechanical too but never met a mechanical engineer and know next to nothing about the field so my lesser interest is partially due to lesser knowledge. So should I select mechanical as a first preference or not.  Are there enough jobs for mechanical as compared to civil ya khawari hi hei? ... Which field is better. And what are my chances in the field.  Seniors please help..!

Is my admission confirmed on 78.8 in SEECS (CS) or should I attend first 3 days of FAST university till merit list is displayed . Please guide .
Aoa..Mi Nust business school entry test preparation ki liye WhatsApp group bana raha hn for upcoming nets 2021..so Jo Jo interested hai.. comments mi apna number di.. I hope Kay wo help kry ga IACome.. I am creating a WhatsApp group for Nust business school entry test preparation for upcoming nets 2021.. so those who are interested.. give your number in comments.. I hope he will help IA

Any idea when the Economics admissions will start? I got 684# and last year it stopped at 820#.  But I have already completed admission in another university. When will NUST start admissions? I want to know so that I can apply for refund at my current uni. 
NUST postgraduate 1st merit list uploaded
882-merit position How much chances for BSCS in Nust H12 campus???

which one is best with respect to job and scope. If someone want to guide me in comment section then plzz guide brother your comments are highly appreciated.


Islamabad ki kisi uni k admissions open.hain?


As we know ka shuru wali prefrence ka naam end wali list ma ata ha... To jab pahly list ma kisi bhi field ma aye naam to fees jama karani paray gy ya wait karna ha shuru wali prefrence ka... Aur agar karani ha to kia khud hi convert ho jaye ga shuru wali prefrence ma baad ma

Anyone from nust quetta civil engineering branch?? Need some information  Thank you

Friends jis ka name ist list me ah jaye to os ki wahi seat secure ho jati hy ya pir os ko freez krna hota hy k ni jese uet me hota hy?
Hello dear members, I wanted to transfer/migrant to NUST, currently I'm studying at the university of Bahrain in Business Administration. I need help bcoz I checked NUST web but it's was too confusing 1st of the portal is too bad and the information isn't clear. I downloaded a migration form. Is their any who can help me with.... Thanks in Advance
Ehsas kay form ma current education ma kya dalay abhi tou hamara sirf merit number hi aya ha?



Merit position 1421 any chance in applied bioscience or bs chemistry?
Merit position 937 which will be best electrical or civil from main campus
Guys Jin ko aid office sy email I ha k ehsas scholarship k li apply kro so wo log apply kr dain ap k net wala roll no reg no. Ho ga . I have confirmed it from aid office now but 10 days ago they said you can apply after admission so now senario changed apply for it .

What is the difference between computer science and software engineering?

1535 merit position any chances keh computer science hojaye.
CS from FAST or CS from NUST? which will be better?
admission k waqt kia BS chemistry walo k b original documents apnee pas rakh lete hn ya srf engineering k students ki ??
Any one guide me please for NET 1 k kab tak hoga or kis ki prep karoon mainay NET 3 nahi dia ye NET 1 ka socha hai koi guide kare please kitne marks chahiye hongay CS main admission k liye ?? And NET 1 kab tak hoga this yearAny one guide me please for how long will the net be 1 k and whom should I prep for? I have not given net 3, I have thought of net 1, someone guide me please how many marks do you need for admission in CS?? And NET 1 till when will it be this year
Merit position 1917 Kis list tk naam aajaye ga Computer Engineering CEME ?
Iqra University kese hai for BBA (hons) Islamabad campus 😄
BSCS from FAST Islamabad or NUST??

Merit position 1182 Civil in H12  uet kii fee refund karwao lo ya know wait Karo abhi???
Which one is the best option if someone is interested in Both Mechanical as well as civil engnrng 1- Civil Engineering (Nust NICE H-12) 2- Mechanical Engineering (EME-Sub campus) Please don't scroll without dropping your opinion here .My Friend have chances to get in both of the fields and he is really confused . Suggest the best field keeping in view the scope of both fields as well as the campus life..
Join here BSCS students BSSE 👇👇👇👇👇👇 150+ students from different Universities Follow this link to join my WhatsApp group (CS Innovators ❤️🖤👨‍🎓)




Any one who needs hostel near fast ?
Koi mujhy preference list k liye guide kar de ga plz 🙏
Any chances in any field
I want to do further study in computer science after bs kindly guide me which university is best for me???




Merit  list kb lgni he?
Merit number 942. Chances in CE Rawalpindi? Kis list mae naam aye ga?
My merit position in business studies and social sciences is 249. Are there chances for admission in BBA?
With Aggregate:1031 l have kept civil eng as my first preference. So have I done right? Please seniors guide?
Kisi ko idea hai ke LAT diya ho tou konse merit number pe admission ho jaye ga LLB mai? Mine is 2110.Does anyone have any idea that if I have been kicked then which merit number will be admitted in LLB? Mine is 2110.
63.7 aggregate and 3709 merit number. Mcs electrical mai ho jaiga??
Nust ki selection list kab tak ai gi...Coming monday, tues, Wed??? or kitna wait? :(
Agar two separate departments mai apply karen tou preference available hoti? I have applied for applied bioscience and bs chemistry but no preference or priority order appearing?
MS merit list akhir kab arhi haii???

Is the merit of bba going to drop or increase this year,because some of the students having good merit positions have opted for Accounting and finance,psychology so what is the prediction?


Merit position 1182 Konsi list mein civil mein name aye ga???
Merit no. 722  Any chance in BS chemistry ?
Hi! So I recently completed my A Levels and I'm looking to give the upcoming NET. I know about the 75% weightage for NET and 15 and 10% respectively for O and A Levels, so how much marks in NET would suffice my selection ? I'm looking to apply in Business Studies btw (BBA)  Also, does anyone know when the registrations for the next NET will open?
Merit position 917  Chances in electrical engineering on SEECS? 1st list mn*
Is there any  scope of aerospace engineering in Pakistan?
Any information about Merit list for LLB...? Kab lagni ha list any one know kinldy tell?

I am confused how to fill the preference? Do I have to put in the field I'm selected in first preference? Or put that field that I'm hoping for? Like if there is some chance in Civil E, so do I put that, or put e.g. environment E as first preference?  PS: I'm okay with submitting the admission fee but later on want to wait till 7th list for my 1st preference i.e civil. If I wait for civil, is it a risk to wait, or select the field I am selected in??? Please help... I am so confused.
3720 merit number, any chances in mcs or pnec???
Merit position is 505. I am interested in Mechanical, Civil, SE and CS. Should I cancel my admission in Uet Lahore now or will it be risky? Can anyone when will Uet give me my documents back?

Which one is best option  Civil engineering or Electrical engineering
Any pnec senior (especially mechanical )?
Idhr koi hai ji aerospace ya avionics engineering kar raha ho nust risalpur sai
What should i do  1..civil from risalpur  2.      computer    engeenring from eme    3.chemical from H12 ... 4.mechanical engineering from air university
SADA applicants, please drop your updated merit position and aggregate.Also,do you guys think that there is no error this time?
Do you know anyone who is already studying or getting admission in Bahria University Lahore campus? Kindly comment

Aoa merit num 2089 chemical,electrical (pindi) both campus mein kitnay chances hain kindly guide mein ist mein mechanical parh rahi hun should I refund my fee or not
I passed FSC pre medical(85%) if i give mathematics part 1-2 next year can i apply for engineering next year?
Kisi k pas Kips k Maths or PHYSICS k lectures han?
Anyone having 75% or around aggregate please drop your merit position.



Everyone who have given NET for BUSINESS AND SOCIAL SCIENCES. kindly comment your merit position along with your aggregate. It will be helpful for me. Regards!


Juniors who re asking for "recommending a particular Field" This is such a thing you need to explore it by yourself. Everyone has a unique perspective towards a field. At the end irrespective of degree and university "you define yourself"  Select a Field by keeping in view the following factors by yourself 1. Passion (Do you think you really like to go for it) 2. Do you think you can excel with it comparatively more than other fields?... 3. Scope is that would you be able to compete with the others in market of your respective field? If yes for above three, then go for it. Don't worry about University ranking, Which field, bla bla. "Ask yourself" Please don't select a field on basis of "High Merit" etc rather be rational


Civil engineering or Mechatronics engineering




#copied  Hey! This is Roman doing Electrical from Nust! Since merit positions have been announced and u guys may have decided your field or maybe still thinking about one...dw everything will be alright.I am here to help tho.🌝 If u have any queries related to my department,Feel free to ask...🌺 P.S: Ik yahan logon k minds mein bht se questions hyn but they don’t ask!!! Mjhy b ajeeb lgta thaaa poochna leikin yeh Nust ki fam hy chill maaro <333
Queries related to" merit list date and change of prefernce" answered in short ....

After updating the prefrences i am facing a issue that i reopen the form and again found the old preferences. What can i do right now? As after 18 September we can't update the prefrences.
Idhr koi aerospace engineering ka student hai help chaiye thori si

Is there any alevels student jis ne bioscience ka test diya hai ? Cambridge hasn't issued the certificates yet and even in emergency it takes 14 to 15 days for the equivalency to be made to 10th october tuk kese bane gi ?
Any one have makeup test on 19 September which postponed on 29 August 2020 SAT..??





Merit position is 2190.any chance in civil in MCE or electrical in EME



Sb apne departments ka schedule check kr len...orientation mentioned nhi hai is me..wo shayd 12 se hogi..jin departments ka specifically nhi likha wo pehli category me aate hain except biosciences


today is the last day for the update of preference. which campus should i give preference
If my name is short listed in list 1 of SE (MCS) and then I submit my fees too after that is it possible that my name would be referred for SE (SEECS).Kindly guide me.
Merit list aa gaye


I applied for BS Chem and Applied Biosciences and gave NET. Now I have to update my preferences. Can somebody guide me what do I have to do.. Should I opt for both BS Chem and Applied Biosciences or just one? My merit No. For BS chem is 323. Is this enough for H-12 campus?
Kya me aese ke skta hu ta ke ek he bar agr name ana ho to cs me he aye???
Bahria Lahore main cs main admission ho gaya hai aj last date hai fee submit krwane ki. Comsats spring semester ka wait kru ya bahria main admission lelu? Ya phir next year improve kr k nust me apply kru? Need suggestion with reasons.
Aslamoalikum! How to change preference from bba to bs accounting and finance?!


Electrical engineering vs mechatronics engineering... Which is good kindly guide I am confused.

All applicants whose first or 2nd preference is NICE please drop your merit positions along aggregates.
Please help in accordance with future of both degrees
When will undergraduate merit lists be published?
any avionic engineering  student is there ,plz tell me need guidance
Merit no 2740 Kon konsi fields main ho jay ga?
Merit position 780. CS maen ho jae ga? If yes fee aur documents ke expected date kya hogi? (UET se fee aur documents refund krwanay haen.)
713 any chance in MCS...

Any chance in any field in h-12?

With merit number 1125 any chance in electrical in H12


Can someone explain how prefrences and merit lists work. My merit position is 229 if i dont get in bba in first list will it put me in my 2nd prefrence? Also will i have to pay fees then?
Confuse hun mechanical karun ya aerospace apna interest to aerospace mai hai magar  is ki job opportunities kaisi hai agar nust risalpur sai karaito?
Any Senior here doing BBA from NBS?Reply Birooo....Larki k name se id banany k liye time nae😅
Merit number:776 Last year closing merit:945 (for psychology)  I cannot understand what this merit position is please helpppp!
Does anyone have last 3,4 years closing merits for NBS?
https://chat.whatsapp.com/FOrZ7rpJOoK0Blyh7kxOvw Here you'll get information about entry test university admission etc whatever you want related to education
https://chat.whatsapp.com/FOrZ7rpJOoK0Blyh7kxOvw Here you'll get information about entry test university admission etc whatever you want related to education
Confuse hun mechanical karun ya aerospace apna interest aerospace mai hai magar is ki job opportunities ka nhi pata kindly guide kar dai

2017 and 2018 closing merit list.
How's the scope of chemical engineering in pakistan?
Nutech Ya Bahria University 🤔 FoR #BSCS  Bahria mea Admission ho gya hea 31 August last date hea Nutech mea be Admission hnea kea chances Kafhi Bright han Ap mea so Jo in mea sea kse University mea phartea han Computer science department mea Plzz wo zaror Comment kar dn Sukria ❤️

Anyone Here ? Agar mera nam pehli list m civil m a jata hai or Electrical m nahi. Or m civil ko fee submit krwa kr secure kr leta hun. Then in secind list agar mera naam electrical m bhi a jata hai or Hifher preference m shift ho jata h admission. At that point Still will I be able to select any engineering of lower Merit?  Like agar mera naam second list m Electrical m a jata hai to m kya still choose kr paun ga agar mjhy civil krni ho?  Ya mjhy abhi hi Select krna hoga prefernce ko?


Which is better in nust main campus 




Assalam e alikum guys. 2378 merit position par ,eme electrical engineering, chemical enginering islamabad, Computer enginnering Eme mein kitna % chances hain..
1713 any chance . In eme. Seecs .h12??
Merit position 1360, any chance for LLB or BS psychology?

My merit position in 3369  Can i get admission in geoinformatic engineering or materials engineering?
Merit position #603 in Business studies and social sciences. Are their any chances of admission in NBS? (Plz don't spam F in da comments)
Reviews regarding Civil engineering from NUST Risalpur?

NUST me to hona nhn admission, tell me how's Bahria University for BSCS? TIA


PLEASE KOI HELP KR DY MERI  NET 1 KA TEST HOGA YA NH IS BAR Q K 1ST YEAR K PAPERS NH HUE OR PROMOTE KR DIYA IS LIYE HAMARA 1ST YEAR RESULT BH NH AYA SO AB KOI GUIDE KR DY
Aslamoalikum! Serious suggestion chahye... Mera behria university mn bba mn ho gaya hai admission kal fee pay krni hai...nust mn merit position 504 hai bba k liye.kya muje wait krna chahye merit list ka ya kal submit krwa deni chahye.
Fields I have high chances in: Computer Engineering EME Software Engineering MCS Electrical Engineering EME Mechatronics Engineering EME... Confused between these. I personally have an interest in CS but need some suggestions. Also, what's the difference between Computer Engineering and Computer Sciences do they both have the same scope and job opportunities?
Which field is better 
200 merit number in chemistry😂😂😂 konsi list main hoga xD

I have a question...mera merit number 93 h to ye merit number overall sb fields ko mila kr h ya hmari first preference me jis number pr h us ka??
BS Physics  Last Year Closing Merit: 1977 My Merit Position: 1541


Agar mera daakhila EME main hota hai aur baad main mera naam NUST Islamabad kii kisi field main aa jata hai toh kya mujhay NUST Islamabad main upgrade kar diya jaye ga ya nahi ?
Dear all nust asprints it's my humble request to all of you who has been awararded with merit positions.. Kindly share last year closing merit positions of all disciplines so that we can kept the record for future I"ll be grateful if any of you share these with me... For engineering / Cs, Bs physics, chem, mathematics, SADA, Social science..

Bahria university k interview main kya hota hai basically? Kyu k 400 students ka name merit list main hai to unme se interview ki base pe select hoty hain to seats total kitni hain? Or interview main kya puchte hain normally


Here in the merit position of last year Quetta is not mentioned. Do we need to apply separately for quetta?

Anyone who's applied for SADA (Architecture and industrial design)  please drop your merit positions and aggregate




Biosciences waln k lye jin ki merit position nahi show ho rahi 🌚..






MERIT NUMBER 1121 Any chances for CS or CHEMICAL or ELECTRICAL or EME?

Sabse lowest merit kiska hota hai please help me put my first preference? sabse lowest se hughest merit bataien
AoA....me fsc pre medical with double maths nust ke CS SE business school k liye apply kr sakta hon ya ni....plz help karden kionke mujhe saal zaaya krna pade ga.....isi tarhan sat ka bhi bata den.....
Should we set the preferences according to our interest or is the descending order necessary keeping in view last year's merit positions? Any senior?

My aggregate for pucit is 87.3%.. Bscs main admission ho jy ga?

Congratulations everyone...finally merit positions a hi gye

Merit Position 1197 Kisi achi field me ho skta?

Aggregate 76.1 no 492 Any chances in SEECS in 1st list ?
merit position 4477 any chance in LLb?
Bs Mechanical Engineering uet lahore vs BS Naval Architect PNEC? Need serius suggestion pls. I like field work

1264 merit postion in BS Chemistry. Any chance ? How to change your preference I keep clicking the checkbox but it isn't working.
Nust just said that students should have the LAT score if they want to get admission in LLB. Jinhu ne abhi 5th Sept ko LAT diya hai, un ka phir kya bane ga?. And my merit position is 2110, chances hain LLB mai?
Merit position is 4383 chances in computer science?

mera merit no. 921 hai bs chemistry me ajayega k nahi  nd han applied biosciences k lia prefrence change krni hogi bs chemistry se ya nahi??? guide plz

What was the closing merit position of Psychology last year ?

Is civil a good option for girls ? How many girls are coming to civil this yer at H-12? (My czn said me to write this post for her )

bro SADA walon ke sath kafi issue araha he....jinka aggrgde high he onka merit number low aggrgde walon se km he... to kindly engneering wale bhai bhi apna merit number or aggrgde share karen. shukriaBrother, there is a lot of issues with SADA people.... those who are high, their merit number is less than those who are low... So kindly engineering brothers also share your merit number and further. Thank you
Preferences ka yeh system to nahi k agar apki first preference me nhi hota to phir second me agar 2nd me bi nahi hota to 3rd me
I made some notes for preperation of net of maths 1st year . Hope they help you out
Some notes for preparation of net maths pt2 . Hope they help you out
Physics 1st year notes for NET.....Hope they help you out ...
Phys pt 2 notes..... Almost sab topics covered han.... Hope it helps you out

There seems to have been an issue with SADA's merit positions. Kindly drop yours along with your exact aggregates

Which field are You Opting....? 


Is there any merit base scholarship for students of merit position ranging from 1 to 50???

58.87 aggregate pe kahan admission mil skta(NUST)?🙃
Applied biosciences ki merit positions announce hoen?
Bai ye preferences upload karne ka kia chakar hai
Mera merit number for chemistry is 200 or engeenering ke liye 3500 expected hai ke in fields main ho sky gaa to kindly suggest kerin ge plz
What about NBS is the merit list out yet?





Please suggest in accordance with future of degree
Aoa! My aggregate is 75.62. Is this enough for EE? Do I have any chance of getting selected in the first few lists?
Acha guys,Since many reached me personally to ask about change of program policy at nust so imma explain it here once and for all. You can also download the nust change of program policy from nust website. I will only explain change of program within engineering fields According to nust,change of program has 2 categories, category A and category B Category A: if a person wants to change program from lower merit to higher merit department,he/she will have to achieve 3.3 or abo...ve cgpa in first year and if you want to go from lower higher merit to lower merit program,then you must have mendatory cgpa(nust didn't mention how much but I think,if a person passes all courses with 2.5 cgpa and above,then he/she must be eligible) Category B:Those who do not fall under category A will be in category B,they have to give net and their aggregate will be made with 50% fsc and 50% net. Now procedure to apply: Go to nust and download it's change of program form (category A or B According to yourself) Fill the form and attach transcript of Your CGPA and and take it to your Department coordinator. He/She will sign it and then submit it in main office(you can ask department coordinator to whom exactly you have to submit it). After that,FBA meeting will be called and your application will be discussed and the list will be made keeping in mind the seats that are available in the department.if 2 people have same cgpa but only one seat,then the person who had better merit position will be given preference. Hope it helps 😊




Mera PIEAS ki merit list me 414 rank aae hai.. Mujhy kon kon se depts mil jaenge Aur kya electrical bhi mil jaega?


Hostel main apply karnay Ka option aa Raha hai Kisi Ka?Does anyone have the option to apply in the hostel?


My merit position is 504. Any chance in bba?!
1031 merit position konsi list mn civil mn name ayega?
Social sciences main apply kiya tha. Merit position 2646 hai. Ban jayega kuch ya nahin? 😂
Yeh tu unhon ne 2019 ka closing merit batayeh hai 2020 list kab aye gi.......
510 merit number any chance in mechanical H-12 aur ais saal merit girai ga yah barhai ga
Merit position under 370, chances for first list in public administration
379 merit position BBA ??


 You are required to forward the following documents (in hard form) to Financial Aid Office of NUST for further processing of your scholarship application: S.NoDocument TitleStatus1Domicile Certificate ApplicantAccepted2Copies of CNIC/ B- Form ApplicantAccepted3Income certificates (Including Salary Slip(for salaried person)/Financial Statement(for self employed/business man)). Father: M sohail rasheedAccepted4Copies of CNIC Parents/ Guardian. Father: M sohail rasheedAccepted5Income certificates (Including Salary Slip(for salaried person)/Financial Statement(for self employed/business man)). Sibling:Accepted6Fee receipt from the last institution the applicant attended. Matric/O-Level/EquivalentAccepted7Fee receipt from the last institution the applicant attended. FSc/A-Level/EquivalentAccepted8Income certificates (Including Salary Slip(for salaried person)/Financial Statement(for self employed/business man)). Sibling: Usman sohailAccepted9Medical bills/expenditure documents mention in monthly expense detailAccepted10Utility Bill of Last Month Electricty BillAccepted11Utility Bill of Last MonthAccepted12House Picture FrontAccepted13House Picture Drawing RoomAccepted14House Picture KitchenAccepted Note: ONLY utility bills, fee receipts (self/ siblings / dependents), income proof affidavit are to be forwarded in ORIGINAL. Candidates may forward attested Photocopies of the remaining supporting documents. Also mention your name & NUST admission Roll No. on top right hand side of each of the supporting document with lead pencil You may submit the above mentioned documents in person or forward via courier on the following address latest byMonday, September 21, 2020


Merit position 2096 any chance in PNEC karachi for electrical engineering??
Merit position 333. BBA me ho jaye ga ?? If yes konsi meirt list me ?
Merit. No 4249 Environmental Engineering last year merit was 4567 In 2018 it was 3016 Kia admission hojaye ga aur konsi list taak aa jaye ga?
73.6% enough for accounting and finance?



Can i put llb on my first preference? lat nahi dia wa
Those who have bba first prefrence comment below and tell your merit number mine is 229
Which one is more preferred  SE or CS? I'm little confused btw them...kis ka merit ziada hota h??
#Nust Closing Merit Positions of engineering/computer science-2019
Option came for updating prefrences but my registration number is for Net 3. So will changing prefrences apply on my greastest mark in net 2? Ye na ho ke bas net 3 kai lower marks ke liye prefrences change hou or net 2 same rai
How to apply for NUST hostels now?
Will the orientation be online? If so will the semester for freshman be online too? And if not, when do classes start?
AOA, doing my A2(A levels) from Karachi atm and I’m really confused about NUST’s admission protocol and procedures. Infact, I barely get half of the things going on in the group. So I’d really appreciate if someone could explain it all to me from scratch.

Marit list of NUST has been uploaded.
 can anyone guide me merit positions for bio-sciences has been uploaded or not ? bcuz i applied for bio-sciences and it is showing me only merit number for chemistry not for bio-sciences what to do now??
AOA PLS need serious guidance Agr koi senior hai for Applied Biosciences ka Toh guide krdeh k Closing merit last year kitna tha aur kiya iss year kamm hoskta hai ya nahi Mera aggregate 68.64% hai NET-3 meh 134 Marks hn koi chance hai ya nahi aur yeh k kitni lists lagti hn biosciences ki ?? warna mera saal zaya honne ka khatra hai?? Please need serious guidance I will be very Thank Full

I have 90% marks in matric and 78% in part1?pucit me ho skta hai admission?
Merit number 681 Chances in bs Economics?
Irrespective of interest which engineering should i choose in NUST
Which university is best for cs???


489 merit position chances in software engineering
What are the score requirements for SAT applicants to secure admission?
Merit number 498. What are the chances for ACF. Acf ka closing merit 533 tha 2019 main. Is bar kya changes ayiengi?

1104...merit position chances in bs chemistry

617 merit position...any chance in ACF, economics or PA?

Asking for a friend merit no 2562  chances for Llb ? lat bhi diya wa hai
Where are the forms of hostel now?
Does Anyone have idea when NUST will announce merit numbers?


Merit postion 229. Chances for bba in first list? Also how many seats are in bba?
Guys guys guys ....kal parson ya tarson tak merit list lag jaye gi...   aj apne apne preferences change krlain . Preference chabge krne wala option araha hai aur han dua bhi kijiye ga meray liye ❤
Anyone who has submitted documents for scholarship in nust kindly tell me how many photocopies of documents were to be submitted
We can update preferences now !! But merit position pta hogi to preferences update karen ge na...and merit position to kahi dikh nae rahi :)
Architecture or engineering ke liy test same hota hai ya dono ka alag alag?
Looking for a NUST Student (Preferably someone with 3.5+ GPA) for a short term office-based project. Office Location: Islamabad 
Biosciences k merit numbers nae aye kia? I cannot open mine.
Merit position 1489. Any chance in CS? Or EE H-12? Or Should I go for EE from EME?
60.1% chances in chemical engineering??
Jinhone need based scholarship keliye form submit kardiya tha kya sabne hard copies bhejdi hain supporting documents ki?


Can anyone tell me the difference between merit list /merit position?? My other question is agar mn CS quetta top pr rakhun apny preference pr(agg 65%),mera naam kis list tk aasakta h??
Merit position 467, accounting and f vs economics vs bpa what should i opt for keeping in view the scope and other factors also for accounting and f chances are a little edgy? So plz anyone?
Important announcement  Final Merit list for Admissions in undergraduate Program at UET Lahore and its Sub Campuses has been announced. Applicants can check their status at: Admissions.uet.edu.pk Admission process for 2020 has been closed now. Stay Tuned with us for further updates.
Dear all now you can change your preferences just login to your Nust account
merit positions have been announced. And this is last year closing
Pucit m pre medical valy student apply kr skta hai BSCS k lya???
 The moment you all have been waiting for is here! Merit list (NET) of NUST UG Admissions Fall 2020 has been uploaded on NUST websi...te. Applicants can update their preferences in order of priority through 'Update Preference Form' by logging in at https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk with the provided credentials till September 18, 2020.  Merit lists of SAT based (National & International) applications will be uploaded tentatively in mid-October 2020. Candidates of Business Studies & Social Sciences programmes can also exercise LLB as a preference, provided they have valid LAT score as per NUST eligibility criteria. Merit list of BS Applied Biosciences programme will be generated after the candidates enter their complete FSc/A level/equivalent marks in online application form (latest by October 10, 2020).

Shall we change our preferences immediately or can we take our time till 12? Please be quick guys
Aj merit positions upload hn gi??



NUST UG + PG Merit lists Expected in between 18 to 20 Sep. Source: NUST Student Help Center
https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/result/meritsearch.aspx
Merit positions are anounced and u can now change ur prefernces as well. 
Merit n.o 252. ACF and in which list?
UET LAHORE SE JAB DEGREE MILTI HA TO USPY CATEGORY (A1 OR A2) MENTION HOTA HA K NI ?

Nust Admission open hn kia??????



Ok So I think I have a very valid point regarding merit positions.Now to clear things up I don't know when merit positions will be announced I m going to talk about the system let's begin       First of all I just can't get around k humme merit position allot krna to Sahi hai but why do they provide last year closing merit positions of different disciplines when they are already available strictly talking about engineering disciplines an admin also posted last year closing me...rit positions I just don't get it. let me explain if u want to go in suppose ABC department which has closing merit position of suppose 500 Aggregate of 77% minimum now this generates three type of student mindset     1) Those who are totally safe( 78%+)    2) Those who are totally out( below 77%)    3) Those which are are left hanging in the middle ( having 76%)     Now the problem the system generates here is for Category 3 students they wouldn't know k iss saal merit Kam hogga ya zaida no clue they have last year merit they can guess their merit positions but majority would just change preference to be on the safe side and Wallah theirs the problem suppose merit drops then what?? Suppose seats have been increased then what?? Suppose less students apply in that particular field then what?? Problem yahan Agaya k different students get alloted in disciplines they would not prefer like if one wants to go into Mechanical but just to be safe he chosses electrical and Merit for mechanical drops toh dissatisfaction and this is due to the system.     These students will be left hanging no new information is provided when merit lists are announced except k apka ki merit position Kiya hai       Solution:     Now I think better way to tackle this problem would be k app iss Saal merit positions announce krte sath hi iss year k following information bhi provide kren like     No of seats for this year for example if they decide to increase no of seats merit will go down undoubtedly so bajaye iss k students confuse hn toh iss se better understanding hojaye gi      I hope k Mene merit positions Ka concept Sahi se smajha hai agr Nahi toh mazrt iss mamle meh seniors guide krdein toh bhetr hai   By the way I m not an engeenering student so just to make things clear Mene engineering ki example Di hope u get my point and if I m wrong about the whole concept then plz let me know
Does anybody know the number of seats for Biosciences in NUST so that after knowing the merit number I can guess my probabilty of selection.
63 aggregate any chances in bs economics??

Good news for all applicants to NUST Undergraduate Programmes commencing Fall 2020 - Merit list will be uploaded soon. Stay tuned to nust.edu.pk  
Any update regarding post graduate admissions???


Kia is baar PUCIT or PUCAD k test hony hain ya nhi??

My cgpa is 3.93 in BS but not good marks in GAT. Kia mera merit bne ga MSCS k. Lie any senior.?

*Up-To-Date Course of MDCAT According to New Sllybus of MDCAT   Subject : Physics Lecture No.# 01 https://youtu.be/zgKFBXRHsOA... Lecture No.# 02 https://youtu.be/6Za0Wu_OVeU Lecture No.# 03 https://youtu.be/HF-R_U11M_0 Lecture No.# 04 https://youtu.be/exLAFVrT8j8 Lecture No.# 05 https://youtu.be/uOy_bbbKxnY Lecture No.# 06 https://youtu.be/1u_99nuSgeI Lecture No.# 07 https://youtu.be/ssgsGqYgnk8 Lecture No.# 08 https://youtu.be/4tkR_B69ZgE Lecture No.# 09 https://youtu.be/8ag5wcsJXyw

7th September 2020  ko jo test huva tha us ki merit list kab laga gi ?
 Bas 1st October ko ja kar apni field ki building main Beth Jana ha?

My aggregate is 69.27 any chance for mechatronics

NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admission 2020  Updates on declaration of Merit Positions 2020 It is to be informed you that Merit Positions for NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admission 2020 will be declared on its website,very soon (i.e. tonight). So stay tuned with its website.  Looking forward for your future endeavors.


Drop your aggregate, merit lists to ane se rahi
If anyone knows stuff about bs accounting and finance DM me.



Can anyone tell me please  How many % aggregate need for MS environmental engineering in NUST
Nust ka irada hi nhi merit list dene ka. ajeeb mazak hai.Na hi koi exact date bta rhe hain banda intezar kr kr k mar jayeI don't have any intention to give a merit list. It's a strange joke. No one is telling the exact date, the person should die by waiting
Hello, guys. I've selected CS as my major in NUST which is my field of interest since a very long time. However, I'm really interested in electronics as well. So  can students opt for minors in NUST? Can any senior guide me? Thank you!

Koi bata de kia bana merit position ka? Intzr kar kar k hamara kachoomar ban gaya.
Hi, aggregate 72.8 can I get admission in EE seecs?? Aik bandai ki youtube video watch ki hai, he said a friend of his had 71.3 aggregate but end mai uska hoagaya tha seecs EE mai.. please koi guidance daidai  🙏 apka Allah balah karai ga

Is dere anyone who knows about when will merit list of MS nust display?

Can someone please tell me the closing merit or minimum aggregate for Electrical Engineering (PNEC) ?
Please suggest the better field considering following:  1. Job opportunities now and in future as well. 2. Better Salaries. 3. Giving preference to candidates in jobs on the basis of the university. 
ME from UET Lhr campus or EE from EME??

Preferences change krne ka koi option dete hai ya nahi.
68.638% aggregate....Seecs me CS me koi chance hai ya Rawalpindi computer engineering me? Plz guide anyone k kis computer related field me or kis campus me chances hn??
Bahria walon ne 6 bjy email kiya hai or list pkra di hai documents ki lanay k liye ab kal interview hai or mere pas stamp paper nae hai or matric ki original mark sheet b nae milri internet wali copy hai. Ab kya kru mazak bad me krlena I'm actually worried so help me out 😒💔
When will NUST Merit list be announced? What was last year's merit? All answers in one blog. We will be updating this blog post on daily basis, do visit it often:
Ms maths m kis kis ne apply hua h
Applied bioscience or bs chemistry Which one is better?
IF YOU'RE APPLYING FOR BS CS (seecs) what's your aggregate?
Please Guide ..... Any Senior ??? Bhai mera Nust mae 75.7 aggregrate bana hai aur field Bscs mae jana hai.... Lekin mene fast fsd mae fees di hui hai..... udhr fast ki 15 ko classes shuru honi hai aur idhr koi list ki date hi nahi ayyi ....abhi 19 ke baad fast ki half fees zaya ho jaye gi......Aur Idhr nust list ka 20 takk keh raha hai...... Ajeeb Log Hai Ab Banda Suicide Karle Yar ..... Udhr baqi sab classes shuru kar rahe hai idhr Nust ko pata nahi list mae kitna time lag r...aha hai P.S :: KAHI Aur Apply Nahi Kya......... Aur Fast Fees >> Nust Fees.... Bus Yehi Wajah Hai ....... Mar Jaon ?????
75 aggregate chances in BBA?



Aj agr merit list lgi to kis time lge gi ya meri positions??

I know this is a bit out of relevance to the group as it is related to NUST  Can someone please let me know regarding LSE test ? The syllabus , the sources to prepare and the strictness regarding gap years.   Please let me know very good preparation books or online sources ??????

Aggregate is 65.7% any chances in electrical in PNEC? Or CS from RawalPindi ??
From where to check the merit list/positions ? And when?
Is Computer Engineering from NUST worth it? And why does it have low merit compared to Computer Science and Software Engineering?

62.45% aggregate Any chance in mechanical eng. In PNEC?



Kis kis ka NUST H 12 may admission confirm hay or wo ragging se bachna chahta hay ??
I can't understand why the merit of Civil engineering is little low. I believe that everyone should be targeting this engineering but people seem to be more interested in CS and electrical engineering. Are they wise? Or am I stupid to think that civil engineering has great scope and it should be your top priority? I know many students who have no interest in mechanical engineering or CS but they are going for it just because someone has convinced them enough that it will be good for him /her. If that is the case then you can message me and I will let you know more about civil engineering 😎 or you can tell me why I am stupid to give civil engineering priority without knowing much about my interest. 😊
Aoa Everyone Actually i need a suggestion i have done my bba hons but now i want to apply for MS basically I'm bit confused between MS (HRM) and Data Sciences should i go for HRM or vice versa. Also suggest me good institute for MS in lahore or islambad.:)


Bhai aaj last day hai prefernce select krne kaa I am confused ki Nust Cs kruu ya Nust ee.. Cs islye soch rha kyu ke uska boht zyada scope hai Aur ee me sb keh rhy ki jobs nhi mlti

Aoa I want to civil from main campus What should be merit position lie between??
As we know ka har uni ka admission close ho gaye ha computer se related like fast, comsats, Air... Etc.... To kia nust ma chances ha ka computer se related  ka merit giray..
Army me jane k lia kon c asi field ha joo best ha girls k lia ....plz koi help kre ...confiused hon bhut ...kuch smj nhi a rhi
Plz koe bta skta hai kia k engineering ki konsii govt unis k admission abhi start hain...



Drop your aggregate and field of interest.


Is change of department possible after 2 semesters? Kindly guide
My aggregate is about 72 percent  Can i get admission in eme electrical   Engineering??
anyone selected in EME,EE ???
Assalamualaikum...Guys please suggest me a good academy or school for advanced networking or cyber security learning. Thanks

My aggregate 74.69%. Any chances to get in s3H. Its the best department of nust i guess. Can someone guide me about s3h. And will i get campus hostels with this agg?
AoA Friends, I have 74.35% aggregate for Nust. Is this good to go for Computer science at H-12 campus Islamabad. Tell me I am so much worried.

For those who are waiting for NUST have you guys secured your seat in any other uni?  I have given my COMSATS fee, but classes are starting soon and I don’t know if I should refund my fee or not.
Which one is better for electrical engineering. 1. Nutech University 2. Sir syed CASE University

Asslam o Alaikum If anyone knows about the merit formula of MS Health-care Biotechnology in NUST or last year closing merit kindly let me know..



Aj merit positions uplpad hn gi??

My aggregate is about 71.5 and wants to do Mechatronics,EME .... Is there any Chance ??

Which university is best for electrical engineering  1:ITU 2:Comsets lhr


Matric   984/1050 FSC   874/1100 NET-3  150/200 Aggregate 77.53  Is this agg enough for BBA ?

Bs chemistry k liye nust ki kitni merit listr lagi thi picli br ya vese kitni lgti hain bs chemistry k liye? Jo b btaye sai btaye




Biosciences ka merit kaise calculate hota


76.5 aggregate. chances in ME in EME or Civil engineering in H12 campus?
Can anybody guide me regarding mdcat ?  How to apply n last date to apply there??
Anyone who has applied for refund of fees of uet taxila

How to calculate merit position????
My Net score is not good enough to get into Nust i want to give sat-2  I want some info about sat-2  Is there any chance now to get into nust through sat ???  & please let me know from which subjects it to be conducted for engineering & how much score is required for Nust.  Thankss

58.3 Aggregate. Do I have any chances in any field ?

Metallurgy/material engineering from PIEAS  VS Aerospace engineering from IST which is better option?




As we have received the multiple queries in our inbox section on NUST Allocation of Merit Positions and Merit selection List for undergraduate Admission 2020 so we're trying our best to sum up all the queries answered in a row. (In Sha Allah) Q: As NET-III is over now what will the admission phases to be up next? Now, firstly NUST will allocate all the candidates with their merit positions on the basis of the NUST aggregate followed by NET best scores. Once the candidates wil...l be assigned their merit positions they will be allowed to edit their preference list accordingly. Furthermore, when the merit position would be declared along with it there will be closing merits for the previous year (i.e. 2019) in all the offered disciplines through which anyone can predict one's position where the particular stands with. There will be individual closing merits for engineering, social sciences, natural sciences, agriculture, business and applied sciences. Option to edit the preference will remain probably for one week after then 1st Merit List will be declared. We are suggesting all the candidates to be selected in 1st merit list to apply for the hostel facility at its earlier because vacancy will be filled as if it never comes up. In NUST (Main campus, H-12 Islamabad), hostel facility is based on 'first come, first reserved'. Furthermore, mostly candidates bearing the appreciable aggregates along with any particular disciplines. For the campuses other than head campus (NUST H-12 Islamabad) hostel facility wont be challenging or hard.  Q: Which NET marks will be considered for the admission aggregate? NUST allows the candidates to appear more than once in any of its NET series and the best marks to be attained by candidates are considered for the admission aggregates. #Note:  1) Candidates mentioning their inter part-I marks will be required to fill out an undertaking form after selection as if they fail to fulfill the particular score target in inter Part-II result the admission will be cancelled after then (if admitted any). 2) Repeaters are required to mention their Fsc whole marks in admission application for aggregate calculation. Q: Can we edit the admission application thoroughly regardless of preference edit? Yes, candidates will be allowed to edit their application on login into NUST Account with your password and registered email once the merit position will be allocated and the option will remain open for almost one week. (In Sha Allah) Q: When will the merit positions will be declared this year? Probably, merit positions for NUST Undergraduate Admission 2020 will be declared within a week after 15th September 2020. (In Sha Allah). 1st Merit Selection list will be announced after one week then.

Koi bata sakta ky total seats kitni hoti Engineering programs ma like civil mech or electrical?. Same hoti ya different.?

My marks for social science is 58 is there any chances for Addmission in LLB?

Nust ki merit list kb upload hogi aur kid website par pata chalay ga merit positions ka?
Hello guys. I wanted to ask that does every field has a seperate merit lists or there is a combined merit list for all fields ?
If you are applying for civil what's your aggregate 
How to calculate aggregate for bs chemistry or physics if i had given engeenering test is there any specific criteria?

Kon konsi engineering uni ma admission open hn ??.
Assalam o Alaikum I Hope every one is enjoying a good health. My question is from seniors that what makes a merit to increase. Is it maximum no of students applying in particular field or students with higher aggregate applying for a specific field. Like let's talk about civil I've seen many 74+ aggregates holding students applying for this so is there any chance of increase in merit. What thing was it that cause a low merit of it during last year as i heard it was 71%. My main question is that every field has higher aggregates students like in civil last year merit was dropped so there were less students of higher aggregate there?
When will they Display merit list and Merit Numbers? Also NET-3 series is over?
For seniors..koi idea is dafa orientation hogi yaa nhi??
Olevels 70% and 138 in net? What are the chances of getting into Nbs? And in which merit list? Or should I go with psychology?
EME (NUST) mechanical engineering  Vs  IST aerospace Which is better option?
Uet sa documents wapis lena k liya apply karo to kitna din bad documents milta ha?
Any info about lists?

Is there anyone who knows that after how many days of orientation PIEAS's classes are gonna start?
Which one is good for BS Software Engineering. 1 Bhria 2 Sir Syed
considering the number of students applying for computer science this year, how likely is it that the merit is going to be above 75%?

My aggregate is 74.87 any chance in SEECS for electrical engineering?


Anyone got admission in chemical engineering UET KSK




Post
Delegation Visit by NCCS and NUST Directors An esteemed delegation consisting of representatives from the National Center for Cyber Security and NUST earlier paid a visit to Information Technology University. The delegation visited ITU’s Blockchain lab.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan Aleena Khan
Waqas Halim sits down with RJ Seemal Bilal for an interactive conversation in ITU FM90.4’s show 'Sham se Pehly'. Waqas Halim is a technology evangelist, a thought leader and an educationist.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi ITU FM 90.4
Congratulations to Dr. Hina Khalid, Dr. Ashley M. Fox, and Dr. Izza Aftab on securing a World Health Organization (Eastern Mediterranean Regional Office) grant worth $15,000 to study the health and economic impact of COVID-19 on slums communities in Pakistan.   The study will conduct a panel survey to understand how the virus has shaped the economic situation and food security of slum households, as well as access to immunization and other essential health services. It will a...lso aim to understand variation in each of these parameters based on the types of government policies enacted.  The Sustainable Development Goals Technology lab will be the implementation partner of the project. The findings can subsequently be used to inform policies and programs towards slum communities with the objective of ensuring more equitable health outcomes. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @sadaf akbar
IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan This four-month contest was held (October 2019 to January 2020) in which students, faculty members and researchers from 62 universities of Pakistan participated. 11 prizes of iPads were distributed among the winners. Shehryar Malik from Information Technology University stood among the winners. IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan was designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan and to inspire innovation and encourage users to discover new research and cutting edge ideas via the IEEE Xplore Digital Library.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @Muhammad Asif

Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan, Chairperson Department of Computer Science, delivered keynote speech at the 4th National Conference of Computer Science and Information Technology (NCCSIT) 2020 at Lahore Garrison University, Lahore.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
Congratulations to our MS Computer Science student Ahmad Awais on securing admission in PhD in Computer Science in the Department of Computer Science and Information Systems, University of Limerick - Ireland.  Ahmad completed his Master’s thesis under the supervision of Chairperson Department of Computer Science and Director Scientometrics Lab at ITU, Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan.  Ahmad has secured admission on scholarship offered by SFI (Science Foundation Ireland). We wish him the best. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
The Department of Computer Science conducted online orientation for incoming batches of BSCS, MSCS and MSDS today. Members of Computer Science faculty and academics department formally welcomed the students and ensured an exciting academic journey ahead. We welcome the new students and wish them best luck! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
We are pleased to announce that ITU's research work has been awarded the Yves Deswarte Best Paper Award by International Federation for Information Processing at the 35th International Conference on ICT Systems Security and Privacy Protection, IFIP SEC-2020! Embedded Computing Lab (EClab) at ITU is working on the assessment of security vulnerabilities, detection and mitigation of side- and covert-channel attacks in modern computing systems. This award is given in recognition ...of ECLab's proposed novel cache memory architecture to improve data security in modern computing systems. The proposed architecture is called Indirect Eviction Cache and the paper is entitled as "IE-Cache: Counteracting Eviction-based Cache Side-channel Attacks Through Indirect Eviction" (Available here: https://link.springer.com/chapt…/10.1007/978-3-030-58201-2_3). This research is primarily done by Asim Mukhtar, PhD candidate at ECLab-ITU, under the supervision of Dr Khurram Bhatti. He is also co-supervised by Prof. Guy Gogniat of the University of South Brittany, UBS, France. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @khurram.bhatti.90 AsIm Mukhtar
Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan, Chairperson Department of Computer Science, delivered keynote speech at the 4th National Conference of Computer Science and Information Technology (NCCSIT) 2020 at Lahore Garrison University, Lahore.  NCCSIT 2020 provides an ideal academic platform for researchers to present the latest research findings and describe emerging technologies, and directions in the field of Computer Science and Information Technology. The conference aims to bring together leading academic scientists, researchers, and research scholars to exchange and share their experiences and research results about all aspects of Computer Science and Information Technology.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Enroll now for online short course on Python Programming for Young Wizards by Syed Basit Ali Jafri. This course is specifically designed for students who are yet to join university education. This is an ideal course for school going children. It covers basic operators, input/output, conditions, loops, data aggregators, functions & modules, classes & objects. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Enroll now for online short course on Mobile Development (iOS) offered by Sana Ahmad.  This short course will strive to train the candidates with core iOS development concepts and give them hands-on development experience in the most essential features set used currently. Moreover, we’ll touch upon some basic freelancing and professional attitude flaws that should be avoided and some traits that help in professional life.  Pre-Requisites: Basic programing knowledge, programin...g languages and algorithms.  Instructor’s Profile:  Sana Ahmad has done MS Computer Science from LUMS. She has 11 years of professional experience in various capacities: software engineer, team lead, freelancer, entrepreneur and trainer. Ms. Ahmed began her professional career as a software engineer at Tkxel. There she excelled and became the Team Lead managing her own projects as well as training junior and mid-level resources. She served this role for around 3.5 years and then embarked into the realm of entrepreneurship, by starting her first software startup RêveApps. The core idea behind RêveApps was to work with start-ups and established brands, mostly from the US, as their development team, assist them in launching their mobile/web idea, furthermore help them to achieve their funding and seeding capital goals. She is also a founding member and CTO for another start-up LiveWire, a custom solution provider for software development and staff augmentation across the entire product development. During her period as an entrepreneur, She worked with international and local clients including MixCord, NatGeo, Moga-PowerA, getPikkUp, Favly, QuranIQ, Jazz, Ufone, and Jubilee. She has also worked with a team of 40+ developers, managed and trained them as IT professionals.  Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Bilal Qureshi has put together an amazing short course on Film-making for you. He brings with him a vast experience in the art and is ready to share it with you. Register NOW: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ This course is intended for individuals with almost no filmmaking background and offers a chance to work through a full generation cycle on a short film-from content advancement through till after creation. The course focuses on the study of four essential components of filmmakin...g: writing, directing, cinematography, and editing. Students would write, produce, direct, and edit a short film exercises using HD cameras, lighting packages, and advanced editing software. Practical workshops and training exercises will provide a well-balanced prologue to the technical craft of filmmaking and the art of visual storytelling. Instructor: Bilal Qureshi Working in Pakistani media for more than 15 years, Mr. Qureshi is best acknowledged as a Director. He has worked with several distinguished production houses and TV channels after having completed his professional degree in filmmaking. #fimmaking #writing #cinematography #editing  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi Sundus Khan
MS Development Studies student Haseeb Ahmad successfully defended his thesis. Haseeb was supervised by Dr. Hina Khalid and Ms. Maham Ashfaq. Haseeb's thesis is titled "Factor Influencing the Performance of Hospitals: The Case of Social Security Hospitals of Punjab, Pakistan". The thesis analyzed the performance of PESSI hospitals across the Punjab. It also used semi structured interviews to investigate factors which shape differences in performance across these hospitals in Punjab. Haseeb's work is in line with the Economics Department's commitment of evidence based research and work that can directly inform policy at the grassroot level.  Congratulations to Haseeb and wish you success for all your future endeavors! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Maham Ashfaq Aqib Saeed Mughal
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Enroll now for online short course on Ethical Hacking by Muhammad Shoaib Bhatti.  Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ In 20 comprehensive modules, the course covers over 270 attack technologies, commonly used by hackers. The goal of this course is to help you master an ethical hacking methodology that can be used in a penetration testing or ethical hacking sit...uation. You walk out the door with ethical hacking skills that are highly in demand, as well as the globally recognized Certified Ethical Hacker certification.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Enroll now for online short course on Public Speaking: Communication Skills and Personality Development. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications.  Enroll now for online short course on Mobile Development (Android) offered by Syed Basit Ali Jafri.  See course content here: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/mobile-development-android/ Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Join ITU short courses NOW. 
Enroll now for an exciting short course, 'Trading Financial Markets (FX, Stocks, Crypto Currencies)' to be taught by Mohammad Ali Zaheer.  Everything you would need to educate yourself to become a profitable trader is covered in this short course. Accelerated learning, experimenting and experiencing is all in the course outline. It focuses on the study of technical analysis used by world institutions in order to predict the market and profit from them. Detailed technicals, in...tense homework and practices and live trading sessions are all part of the course. Hopefully, after the course, the foundation will be strong to fast track the financial career into a fruitful trading profession! Instructor: Mohammad Ali Zaheer Mr. Zaheer is a qualified ACCA professional, expert in financial analysis and financial management. He is a Certified Trading Analyst with an experience spanning over 7 years in financial markets and mentored by 3 professional millionaire traders from Japan, Malaysia and Canada. He has also worked with several Trading firms, Fund management companies and prop traders in Malaysia, Canada, Singapore, USA and Netherlands. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
 Applications for the Ehsaas Undergraduate Scholarship 2020 phase-2 are open now. Higher Education Commission (HEC) Pakistan invites deserving students to apply for the Ehsaas program.  Ehsaas Undergraduate Scholarship program is meant for deserving undergraduate students who wish to continue their education.  Apply Online: https://ehsaas.hec.gov.pk/ For eligibility criteria, list of universities and other details, please visit: https://hec.gov.pk/site/Ehsaas
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Enroll now for online short course on Python Associate Programmer with AI/ML by Syed Basit Ali Jafri.  The course has been designed for an advanced independent certification which the students can take on their own after completion of this course. The course focuses on Python Libraries of Data Science/Machine Learning. The applicants should know programming in at l...east one programming language, like Python, C++, Java or C#, etc. They should have a basic understanding of mathematics and problem solving, reasoning and logic. Enrolment Open: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Registration Deadline: October 1, 2020 #python #AI #ML #PDC #ITU  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
 This course is a free thinking course where you will be presented with theories and the types of crime and certain laws and codes in practice globally. This introductory course in Criminology focuses on providing a critical understanding of the basics of institutions, processes and p...ractices that govern this field of behavioural science. The course will also cover the role of popular media in criminal studies, crime fiction and the current trends in social media that have redefined policy making such as cyber bullying and cybercrime. Using this backdrop, the research-intensive program primarily aims to strengthen students’ writing skills, creative as well as critical thinking skills by assigning and conducting research papers and various writing modules. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
Journal paper written by Dr. Arif Mahmood has been accepted for publication in IEEE Transactions on Image Processing (Impact Factor 9.34). It is in the field of medical image processing using microscopic images of cancer tissues, also known as histology images. Previously Dr. Mahmood has a paper in the Medical Image Analysis (MEDIA) Journal on the same topic. The current paper is his second journal paper in this area- an improvement over the previous work. These works are done in collaboration with University of Warwick, UK and Al-Khalifa University, UAE. Dr. Arif Mahmood is a Professor at the Department of Computer Science.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Khurram Bhatti
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ In the short course on Digital Media Marketing, participants will get hands-on training and acquire digital media marketing skills. This training course aims to provide an exceptional opportunity to learn complete SEO life cycle including effective Keywords Research, Latest On-Page SEO Techniques, Creative Web Content Writing and other dimensions of Digital Marketing. It also includes the in-depth learning of Google Trends, Google Adwords, Google Analytics, and Google Webmasters Tools. #digitalmedia #onlinemarketing #socialmedia #onlineshortcourse #PDC #ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Enroll now for an exciting short course on Graphic Designing.  The graphic designing course is developed for students, hobbyists and aspiring designers with little to no design experience. Keeping this in mind, the course will provide you with foundations for creating apps that stand out. Participants will explore key UI and UX concepts that are fundamental to smooth, no fuss, creative apps that are loved by users. The course also has a secondary component that focuses on pra...ctical, hands on design workflow. From user flow diagrams to wire-framing to mockups and prototypes, you will explore all components to a successful app design. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering the course online only.  Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
As the nation observes 72nd death anniversary of founder of the nation today, we pay our respects to the Quaid-i-Azam. Pakistan owes its existence to the Quaid and we, as a nation, once again vow to follow his progressive vision for our country. Pakistan Zindabad!  Quaid-i-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah (December 25, 1876 – September 11, 1948)  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Enroll now for an exciting short course on Web Development offered by Professional Development Center to be taught by Mr. Zain Mehmood.  In this course, students will learn to develop interactive and responsive websites. It includes HTML5 and CSS3 for creating beautiful web pages, BootStrap for developing responsive and elegant websites and Angular Js to develop front-end client application and a back-end service built with Rest API. Instructor: Zain Mehmood He is a web admin...istrator at ITU. He holds a BS(Hons) degree in Computer Science. He has previously worked as a Software Engineer at NextBridge Pvt Ltd. He has a hands on experience of over 8 years of PHP, Databases, Angular JS, jQuery and CSS and various web application frameworks i.e Yii, CodeIgniter and Content Management Systems such as WordPress, Magento 1 & 2.0. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Zain Mehmood
ITU Visit by Xavor Corporation and IDAP  Dr. Humayun Rashid, CEO Xavor Corporation, USA, along with his team, and Mr. Shehzad Nazir Leghari, General Manager, Infrastructure Development Authority Punjab visited the Information Technology University Lahore.  Dr. Tauseef Taqeer, Dean Faculty of Engineering, and Dr. Rehan Hafiz, Chairperson Computer Engineering Department, received the delegates and briefed them about the Research and Development activities being carried out in t...he University. In particular, the product development activities at the Industrial Monitoring and Automation Lab (iMAL Engineering) were presented in detail and mutual ventures for the commercialization of the iMALEngineering’s products were emphasized. In addition to this, a detailed session was conducted for developing the roadmap on the health care initiatives in Pakistan and how Xavor Corporation, IDAP, and ITU can join hands in developing the point-of-care diagnostics technologies. We are thankful to the CEO Xavor, GM IDAP, and the team for visiting ITU, and we are excited about developing a long-lasting relationship for Commercial R&D development focused on locally relevant problems. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Rehan Hafiz
If you look forward to impacting the educational landscape of the country, join ITU - a rapidly growing premier research institute. Professionals having at least 10 years of experience in the relevant fields are invited to apply. Please visit our online job portal: jobs.itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Talha Hamid Randhawa
The team led by our student, Javed Ahmad, wins the first prize in international conference by Eastern European Machine Learning (EEML) Summer School 2020. EEML is one-week summer school consisting of lectures, tutorials, poster sessions, panel discussions, group project discussions and mentorship sessions around core topics of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. The school is organized by DeepMind, FacebookAI and researchers from Eastern Europe. Javed’s team worked ...on their research proposal titled, '3D Historic Landmark Reconstruction' and won the first prize award among 15 participating teams in total. Due to their commendable achievement, the winning team has also earned place in the next school in 2021 in Europe without going through the regular selection process.  Javed Ahmad completed Master’s in Electrical Engineering from ITU in 2019. Currently he is associated with the Center of Artificial Intelligence and Computational Science (CACTuS Lab) at ITU. Other team members included Damian Pęszor (Poland), Bihao Wang (Germany), Tehreem Fatima (Italy), Marcin Przewięźlikowski (Poland), Caius-Ioan Debucean (Romania), Jelena Trisovic (Swizterland) and Lu Yan (Japan).  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
Final year project by the students of Electrical Engineering have successfully raises funding by the National Grassroots ICT Research Initiative (NGIRI) IGNITE 2020 Programme sponsored by Government of Pakistan. Smart Assistive Device for Visually Impaired (SADVI) Students: Muhammad Danial Shafqat, Danish Hussain, Malik Ahmad Furqan (BSEE-16) Visually impaired people face difficulty while walking through corridors, roads, recognizing common things, people as well as navigatin...g through the buildings because of the ineffectiveness of GPS and other direction-finding tools working inside a building. SADVI is a smart assistive device for the visually impaired to help them navigate inside the buildings and move safely through the corridors and give them a sense of the surroundings. 
Our student of BS-Economics with Data Science program, Umme Ammara, has written a paper for the conference: Sustainable Development Conference 2020 (organized by SDPI Islamabad). The paper is titled: A Systems Thinking Approach to Evaluate the Impact of COVID and Online Education on Student Happiness and Wellbeing. The abstract of the paper has been accepted for the panel titled: A New Outlook and Emerging Needs for Education Systems Towards Addressing Impacts and Challenges ...of Coronavirus Era.  Umme Ammara has worked under the supervision of Teaching Fellow Mr. Hassan Bukhari.  She employes systems thinking approach to analyze the impacts of online education in the time of COVID in a holistic way. Using causal loop diagrams, she maps various pathways of impact, describe key governing system archetypes, and identify possible areas of high leverage. She further develops her learning to model a second-year undergraduate classroom using stock-flow models. Using this approach, she attempts to quantify the human perspective and predict how student happiness, self-esteem, stress, and wellness will behave over time if the lockdown and online education continue. These scenarios and associated policy options present a novel way of modelling and understanding the impacts of COVID and online education by presenting an analysis of the impacts on mental health and happiness. Umme Ammara is a research enthusiast, junior year student of BS-Economics with Data Science at ITU. She also heads Young Peace & Development Corps Council at ITU, working for peace promotion through youth-led and youth-responsive approach to development and conflict resolution processes and institutions in Pakistan. Hassan Bukhari is a Teaching Fellow at ITU. He is interested in systems research especially human and natural systems and complex systems. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Hassan Bukhari
Congratulations to our MS Computer Science student Fahad Saba on securing admission in PhD in Computer Science at Beijing University of Technology, China. Fahad completed his Master’s thesis under the supervision of Director Scientometrics Lab at ITU, Dr. Saeed ul Hassan.  He has secured admission on 100% scholarship. We wish him the best. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
Want to join a cross-disciplinary research university and solve real-life problems? ITU is seeking outstanding individuals for Faculty Positions on Tenure Track BPS and Contract basis in the fields of Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Business Management, Economics, History, Global Studies, Education, Anthropology, Sociology, Psychology and ELT; who have demonstrated a promise of achieving true distinction in research and the ability to be an exc...ellent teacher at both graduate and undergraduate levels. Please visit our online job portal (jobs.itu.edu.pk) to apply. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Talha Hamid Randhawa
On 55th Defence Day today, we remember our heroes who gave the utmost sacrifice to defend our homeland. It is to their selfless sacrifice and patriotism that we owe our security and sovereignty. We salute the martyrs and their families for their perseverance and fortitude. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
ITU Visit by Xavor Corporation and IDAP  Dr. Humayun Rashid, CEO Xavor Corporation, USA, along with his team, and Mr. Shehzad Nazir Leghari, General Manager, Infrastructure Development Authority Punjab visited the Information Technology University Lahore.  Dr. Tauseef Taqeer, Dean Faculty of Engineering, and Dr. Rehan Hafiz, Chairperson Computer Engineering Department, received the delegates and briefed them about the Research and Development activities being carried out in t...he University. In particular, the product development activities at the Industrial Monitoring and Automation Lab (iMAL Engineering) were presented in detail and mutual ventures for the commercialization of the iMALEngineering’s products were emphasized. In addition to this, a detailed session was conducted for developing the roadmap on the health care initiatives in Pakistan and how Xavor Corporation, IDAP, and ITU can join hands in developing the point-of-care diagnostics technologies. We are thankful to the CEO Xavor, GM IDAP, and the team for visiting ITU, and we are excited about developing a long-lasting relationship for Commercial R&D development focused on locally relevant problems. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi National Center of Robotics and Automation - NCRA ITU - IMAL Industrial Monitoring and Automation Engineering Ministry of Science and Technology, Government of Pakistan Xavor Corporation Infrastructure Development Authority of the Punjab
We are proud to share that our students won the first prize in AWS Multi-Country Hackathon and represented Pakistan globally. The students' team "Innovators"  participated in the hackathon with a semester project of Big Data Analytics course taught by Dr.Faisal Kamran and won USD 2000 as prize money.
MS Development Studies students Zahid Ali and Ali Usama successfully defended their thesis. Both students were supervised by Dr. Haseeb Ahmed. Zahid's thesis is titled, "Essay on Agricultural Production: The Impact of Weather Variability on Livestock Diseases in Pakistan". Using a unique livestock disease dataset compiled by Punjab’s Disease Diagnostic Laboratories and weather data from PMD, Zahid analyzed the impact of weather variability on tick-borne diseases in cattle wit...hin Punjab. His results showed that increased temperatures were associated with increase in the burden of tick-borne diseases within Punjab. Results of his thesis have important implications in terms of the timing of disease monitoring and control. Ali's thesis is titled, "Relationship between Public R&D Expenditure and Economic Growth." Ali analyzed the interactions of R&D expenditure and GDP for 112 countries of the world. He used a partial adjustment framework and Arellano-Bond estimation to show a positive impact of R&D expenditure on GDP. However, this positive relationship was concentrated only for developed countries of the World. His results suggest that institutional quality and research culture are important confounders in the relationship between R&D expenditure and economic performance. Both Zahid and Ali's work is in line with the Economics Department's commitment of evidence based research and work that can directly inform policy.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Ms. Maha Kamal (Teaching Fellow) and Ms. Uswah Firdous (Graduate Fellow) of the Department of Economics, Information Technology University (ITU) presented their paper "Sustainable Cities as Utopia: Policy Innovation in South Asia" at the AAS-in-Asia organized by IAFOR and AAS held online from Japan, today (2nd September 2020).
 "All About ITU" with Electrical Engineering Department is on-air right now hosted by Dr. Suhaib Abdul Rehman (Asst. Professor ITU) with Mr. Ammar ...Ahmad Khan (Asst. Professor LUMS) only on Information Technology University FM 90.4! #stayhomestaysafe #electricalengineering #allaboutITU #facultyEE
Storyboarding Gaming Narratives by Center for Digital Humanities at ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi

HEC’s Ehsaas Undergraduate Scholarship Program 2019-20: Cheques Distribution Ceremony at ITU  A ceremony was held today at ITU for distribution of cheques under the HEC’s Ehsaas Undergraduate Scholarship Program 2019-20.  Successful awardees include students of BS computer Science, BS Computer Engineering, BS Electrical Engineering, BS Management & Technology and BS Economics with Data Science.  The ceremony was graced by Dr. Sarfraz Khurshid (Vice Chancellor ITU), Brig (r) H...assan Jalil (Advisor HRD-HEC), Dr. Adnan Noor (Dean of Sciences ITU), Dr. Shazib Sheikh (Chairperson, Department of Business & Management), Dr. Junaid Qadir (Chairperson, Electrical Engineering Department), Dr. Rehan Hafiz (Chairperson, Computer Engineering Department), Zaheer Sarwar (Registrar ITU), Muhammad Azhar Rao (Project Director-EUSP), Madiha Anwar Butt (Project Coordinator- EUSP) and Muhammad Zubair Malik (Assistant Project Manager- EUSP).  The scholarship aims at providing deserving students equal access to higher education institutions. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
On 20th August, 2020, MS Development Studies students Anum Irfan and Adnan Hassan successfully defended their theses. Both students were supervised by Dr. Izza Aftab and Ms. Maha Kamal. Anum's thesis, "Leaving No One Behind: Impact of Public Level Spending on SDG based Indicators- A Benefit Incidence Analysis in Pakistan" is a unique academic contribution. She analyzed the distribution of public spending on health and electricity, and the Benefit Incidence Analysis for SDGs. ...Her results showed that government spending is seemingly more progressive across years in both sectors, but benefits accrued by richer quintiles come at the cost of loss of welfare for poorer segments of the population. Both Anum and Adnan's work is in line with the Economics Department's commitment of evidence based research and work that can directly inform policy. Congratulations to Anum and Adnan and wishes for success in all your future endeavors! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Final year projects by the students of Electrical Engineering have successfully raised funding by the National Grassroots ICT Research Initiative (NGIRI) IGNITE 2020 Programme sponsored by Government of Pakistan. 𝐒-𝐇𝐄𝐋𝐌 𝐒𝐦𝐚𝐫𝐭 𝐄𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐫𝐨𝐜𝐡𝐞𝐦𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐥 𝐠𝐚𝐬 𝐝𝐞𝐭𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐇𝐞𝐥𝐦𝐞𝐭 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐌𝐢𝐧𝐞𝐫𝐬 Students: Moeez Ud Din Ahmed and Ahmad Raza (BSEE16) S-Helm is a smart helmet designed for miners that can detect the various levels of hazardous gases in mines like H2S, CH4, CO2, CO, and SO2. A minor change in the concentration of these gases can cause serious damage to the miner's health and can cause death. So far, the health security measures for miners in the mining industry are grossly negligible leading to an average of 160+ deaths per month. This motivated us to do develop a device fitted within the helmet that can monitor the gases concentration, temperature, and humidity. The readings are recorded at the local server and the helmet can communicate with the other helmet of its own kind. This helps us in building a long array of connections in a mine that will assist in determining the location of the miner within the mine. With the purpose to serve the community, the project intends to secure the miner's life within the mine and to make the mining as safe as possible. 𝐈𝐦𝐩𝐮𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐝𝐞𝐭𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐟𝐢𝐥𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐰𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐫 𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐛𝐢𝐨𝐬𝐞𝐧𝐬𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐄𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐫𝐨𝐝𝐢𝐚𝐥𝐲𝐬𝐢𝐬 𝐑𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐬𝐚𝐥 (𝐄𝐃𝐑) Students: Amra Iftikhar, Muhammad Abdullah, and Mian M Tayyab (BSEE16)  The contamination of potable drinking water is amongst the biggest challenges being faced by mankind. Furthermore, safely supplying the drinking water to consumers requires lot of resources as required for digging and laying down infrastructure. Our primary target is to solve pure water shortage issues of backward areas of Sindh where there is no water supply and people are forced to drink contaminated water from swamps and other accumulated water of rain. This project envisages to design and develop a low-cost system for a real-time purification and monitoring of water. The system consists of several sensors that would be employed to measure the physical, biological, and chemical parameters of water. EDR technique is used to remove heavy metals from water and an ultraviolet (UV) light system is used to kill microorganisms at an appropriate wavelength. With the assistance of Arduino and pH sensor, the project intends to assure the availability of pure water by recycling industrial wastewater as well as filtering the seawater, thereby, improving the quality of water that can be used for various purposes safely as fit for human consumption. Supervisor: Haris Mehmood | Co-supervisor: Dr. Qasim Mahmood  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
First Merit List 2020 has been announced.  Kindly access it here: https://itu.edu.pk/merit-lists-2020/ We wish the best to successful candidates.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Final year projects by the students of Electrical Engineering have successfully raised funding by the National Grassroots ICT Research Initiative (NGIRI) IGNITE 2020 Programme sponsored by Government of Pakistan. 𝐏𝐫𝐨𝐣𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐓𝐢𝐭𝐥𝐞: 𝐃𝐞𝐬𝐢𝐠𝐧 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐃𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥𝐨𝐩𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐨𝐟 𝐌𝐢𝐜𝐫𝐨𝐰𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐞𝐝 𝐍𝐨𝐧-𝐝𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐮𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐞 𝐭𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐝𝐞𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐒𝐭𝐫𝐮𝐜𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐚𝐥 𝐇𝐞𝐚𝐥𝐭𝐡 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐨𝐟 𝐂𝐢𝐯𝐢𝐥 𝐒𝐭𝐫𝐮𝐜𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐞𝐬 Students: Muhammad Fizan, Muhammad Asad, Muhammad Ali, Salman Tahir (BSEE-16) Supervisor: Dr. Muhammad Zubair; Co-supervisor: ...Dr M. Qasim Mehmood Description: The main goal of this project is to make a low cost and portable device for non-destructive testing of civil structure using Microwave based Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) technique and it addresses the UNDP SDG 9 & 11. This project will make sure the certainty of the life span, quality of the material or building and do quantitative analysis of the civil structure. The main purpose of this project is to reduce the mortality rate significantly by prediction of durability and life of the civil structure. 𝐏𝐫𝐨𝐣𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐓𝐢𝐭𝐥𝐞: 𝐃𝐞𝐬𝐢𝐠𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐏𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞 𝐌𝐢𝐜𝐫𝐨𝐰𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐈𝐦𝐚𝐠𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐃𝐞𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐁𝐫𝐚𝐢𝐧 𝐒𝐭𝐨𝐤𝐞 𝐃𝐞𝐭𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 Students: Muhammad Hashir, Huma Sanaullah, Mahnoor Malik, Talha Idress (BSEE-16) Supervisor: Dr. Muhammad Zubair; Co-supervisor: Dr. Kashif Riaz Description: Brain stroke is the most common cause of permanent cause of disability and the third most common cause of deaths worldwide. Study shows that roughly 350,000 new patients every year suffer from stroke in Pakistan. There are two types of stroke called ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke and both have completely different treatment so the early detection of these patients is very important so that they can receive the appropriate care in lesser time. In order to increase the chances of early detection, this project is geared towards stroke detection in brain haemorrhage patients using Microwave Imaging (MWI) which is a technique that is not only extremely precise but is also cost-efficient and harmless that will detect the type of stroke of the patient by a stroke finder helmet so that the patient can get all the help he can get in the minimal time. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
“Gravitational waves were considered to be an impossible dream to ever detect…Einstein predicted them over a hundred years ago and he himself said that they would never amount to anything useful. When I began working on them 27 years ago, it was seen as a fool’s errand and yet we have done it!” - Nergis Mavalvala Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
We, at ITU, welcome Dr. Ali Ahmad Bodla as an Assistant Professor in the Faculty of Business & Management. Dr. Ali Ahmad Bodla has a Ph.D. in Organizational Behavior from the Antai College of Economics and Management, Shanghai Jiao Tong University. Previously, he completed his Masters in Human Resource Management from the Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Institute of Science and Technology. Dr. Bodla has published and presented his research work in top journals and conferences respectively. His research interests include international entrepreneurship, social network structures, business venture growth, firm innovation, and global business strategy.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Mariyam Zahid
Conference Presentation Research paper by Tahira Saudagar has been accepted for oral presentation in a Divisional Paper session at the 80th Annual Meeting of the Academy of Management (Vancouver, BC, Canada). It is titled, “How Social Dominance Orientation Affects Social Influence: A Serial Mediation Model”.  Access it online: https://journals.aom.org/d…/10.5465/AMBPP.2020.18974abstract  Tahira Saudagar is associated with the Faculty of Business & Management as a Research Associate.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
 #stayhomestaysafe #covid19 #hockeyplayer #shamsepehly
As Prof. Nergis Mavalvala is appointed the first female dean at MIT’s School of Science, it is timely that we revisit her commencement speech at ITU’s first convocation in 2017. She shares her experiences and thoughts with ITU’s graduating students, parents and dignitaries in attendance.   ITU duly recognized her pioneering work in gravitational-wave detection and conferred on her the first Lahore Technology Award.  ITU is immensely proud as Prof. Mavalvala continues her path breaking scientific pursuits and reaches new heights as one the leading global scientists. We wish her the best.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
It is with great honor and pleasure that we congratulate Nergis Mavalvala on her appointment as the dean of MIT’s School of Science. At its first convocation in 2017, Information Technology University awarded her the first Lahore Technology Award. She was the commencement speaker and delivered the inaugural Lahore Technology Lecture.  Pakistan-born leading Astrophysicist is renowned for her pioneering work in gravitational-wave detection, which she conducted as a leading member of LIGO, the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory. Mavalvala will be the first woman to serve as dean in MIT’s School of Science.  We are so proud and wish her the best.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Big day for students of MS Development Studies, as theses defence has begun! Today, Mishal Niaz and Burhan Zafar successfuly defended their thesis. Burhan's thesis, "Water, Sanitation and Diarrhea among children in Pakistan" was supervised by Dr. Hina Khalid and Ms. Maham Ashfaq. Burhan quantified the effect of WASH on a preventable but rampant disease in Pakistani children - diarrhea. Using the latest data, Burhan controlled for regional and wealth differences to give key policy insights. Mishal and Burhan's work is in line with the Economics Department's commitment of evidence based research and work that can directly inform policy! 
Catch a glimpse of the books newly arrived at the ITU Library.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi

 ITU students are encouraged to participate in the competition with their entries of Short Film/Documentary/TVC.  Students shall submit their work through USB or email at visualart2020pakistanrailways@gmail.com along with a filled form downloadable from Pakistan Railways website: www.pakrail.gov.pk  A special committee comprising BS-21 officers of Pakistan Railways would evaluate the videos of the participants and top 5 videos sh...all be awarded Rs 50 thousand each.  For queries, please contact pakrailmedia@gmail.com or Whatsapp 0321-9438973.  Please note that plagiarized content is NOT permissible in any form either it's music or visual.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
Catch a glimpse of the books newly arrived at the ITU Library.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Dr. Faisal Kamiran participated in a session at the international online conference on digitalization and cybersecurity by Virtual University and delivered a keynote speech about the future of Artificial Intelligence in the light of COVID 19. The conference was graced by the honorable President of Pakistan Mr. Arif Alvi as well as the federal minister of IT and Telecom Mr. Amin Ul Haque.  Dr. Faisal's Profile: itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-faisal-kamiran/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
Life at ITU.
Congratulations to Asma Khalid on becoming the first female from Pakistan to receive Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) award and C-Sharp Corner online developer community MVP award four times in consecutively starting from 2017 to 2020.  She received accolade as the recognition of her exceptional contributions and leadership to technical communities worldwide representing her expertise in Microsoft technologies mainly in web development, desktop application developme...nt and .NET framework from Pakistan. She is associated with ITU’s National Center in Big Data and Cloud Computing as a Research Associate (supervised by Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan).  Asama’s Blog: https://www.asmak9.com/ Dr. Saeed’s profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-saeed-ul-hassan/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
Admission cycle closes today!  Wishing the best to all applicants and hoping to you see all soon.  Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Catch a glimpse from Information Technology University’s participation earlier in University Sports Leagues 2020.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Mr. Haris Mehmood, a Teaching Fellow at the Department of Electrical Engineering, has published his paper in the reputed International Journal of Energy Research. It is titled, "Numerical analysis of dopant-free asymmetric silicon heterostructure solar cell with SiO2 as passivation layer". The work has been undertaken in collaboration with Centre for Solar Energy Research and Applications, Middle East Technical University (METU), Turkey. The Interna...tional Journal of Energy Research is a multidisciplinary platform for the discussion of issues arising in energy research such as energy management, production, conversion, conservation, systems, technologies and applications, and their impact on the environment and sustainable development. Paper link: https://doi.org/10.1002/er.5720 Faculty profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/haris-mehmood/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
"A LIVE session with ITU Voice Society"
Faculty of Social Sciences and Humanities at Information Technology University.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Students of MS Development Studies share their exciting experiences at ITU.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us tomorrow for Facebook LIVE session with ITU Voice Society.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Dr. Junaid Qadir, chairperson of Department of Electrical Engineering, has co-authored two engineering education focused papers accepted at the 127th American Society of Engineering Education (ASEE) Annual Conference & Exposition 2020.
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Dr. Shazib Ehsan Sheikh on BS Management and Technology program at Information Technology University Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
"LIVE session with the ITU Admissions Team"
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Merit and need-based scholarships for BS and MS programs available.   Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
"LIVE Session with the Dean of Faculty of Humanities & Social Sciences and Chairperson of Economics Department"
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us for an interactive LIVE session with the ITU Admissions Team along with your queries regarding Admissions and Scholarships. Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us for an interactive LIVE session with the Dean of Faculty of Humanities & Social Sciences and Chairperson of Economics Department.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Faculty of Business and Management at Information Technology University.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

A world after Covid-19; a talk with Dr. Rasool Buksh Raees, author, columnist and commentator on political and security issues, tomorrow at 1 PM. #stayhomestaysafe #COVID19 #economy #education #politics #health
Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences at Information Technology University.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Dr. Junaid Qadir, Chairperson, Department of Electrical Engineering, talks about widespread scope of Electrical Engineering at the intersection of nanotechnology, microprocessors and computers.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Dr. Motahhir is Assistant Professor of English Language at ITU. She is also the Director of ITU's Center for Digital Humanities and Director of the Disruptive Innovation Lab. Prior to coming to ITU, she was not only teaching as A/Professor of English at Trinity College, University of Melbourne but at NMIT Melbourne, MAE Melbourne and was a Director at MSP-Australia for 22 years. She has a PhD in English Language and Linguistics, a MA TESOL (Melb Uni), a MA Research In English (Melb Uni.) and MA English LIterature (Kinnarid). Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

ITU FM 90.4 is hosting a talk on the SOPs and precautions to be taken care of this Eid ul Azha.  Don't forget to listen Dr. Sumbel Aslam, Senior Veterinary Offi...cer at the Livestock and Dairy Development Department of Punjab in conversation with RJ Seemal Bilal, tomorrow at 4 PM. #stayhomestaysafe #COVID19 #EidUlAzha2020 #qurbanionline
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us for an interactive LIVE session tomorrow and learn about the Center for Digital Humanities at ITU. The center’s Director Dr. Sameen Motahhir is going to lead the session that includes Saima Bhaur, Tazeen Bokhari, Uswa Zarnab and Fatima Hassan. The participants would be glad to answer questions that you may have. Do not miss.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
Join us for a LIVE session with ITU Admissions Team.  Regarding the ongoing admissions cycle, our admissions team is committed to answering all your questions related to admissions and scholarships. Do not miss the opportunity. Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#ThinkFestConversations  Join acclaimed historian Professor Faisal Devji, Director of the Asian Studies Institute, Oxford University, as he discusses the role and legacy of two of the most lauded yet controversial figures of the 20th century: Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and Mohammad Ali Jinnah. More than seventy years since independence, the life and legacy of both is still contested in the countries they gave birth to. As we approach the 73rd Independence day of India and Pak...istan, join Professor Devji in discussing their ideas, actions, and continued relevance--if any! Among other works Professor Devji is the author of Muslim Zion: Pakistan as a Political Idea (Harvard, 2013), and The Impossible Indian: Gandhi and the Temptation of Violence (Harvard, 2012). Dr. Yaqoob Bangash from ITU will moderate the session. Please send in your questions in advance! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Afkar e Taza ThinkFest Yaqoob Bangash
Merit and need-based scholarships for BS and MS programs available. Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#JoinITU  “You are in for in for an exciting experience if you come to ITU to study Economics and Development”, Dean Humanities and Social Sciences, Dr. Akmal Hussain.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
‘CPEC and Special Economic Zones’.
 “We are now in a position to not only identify where the highest deprivation is in major cities, we also know the depth of the deprivation. This creates the space to do efficient fiscal policy. This is the type of evidence you need to do evidence based policy. As an example, we can tell you that the next public primary ...school needs to be located near Muhamad Pura, the next basic health unit needs to be constructed near Tibba Kaccha.”  Dr. Izza Aftab is the Chairperson of the Economics Department and Director of the SDG Tech Lab. Sadaf Akbar is a Research Associate at the SDG Tech Lab. ITU SDG Tech Lab: http://sdgtl.itu.edu.pk/ #poverty #sdggoals #2030 #MPI #covid19 #SDGTL Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Dr. Raheem Sarwar has joined University of Wolverhampton (UK) as a Lecturer in Natural Language Processing. Earlier he had completed his MS from Information Technology University with Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan as his supervisor and completed Ph.D. from City University of Hong Kong (QS World Ranking 48) with 100% scholarship.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan

Quality Enhancement Cell at ITU, as part of its Students Development Program, is organizing an informative Facebook LIVE session on ‘CPEC and Special Economic Zones’. Guest speaker for the session will be Mr. Zulfiqar Ali, Director General (Punjab) Board of Investment, Government of Pakistan. It will be moderated by Dr. Sara Khawar, Assistant Professor, Faculty of Business & Management.   3:00 - 5:00 PM Friday, 24th July Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
Keeping in view the on-going pandemic, Information Technology University enters into a new mode of teaching.  Let's explore the ITU Admissions Campaign 2020 wit...h Ms. Hajira Kureshi (Director Admissions) in conversation with RJ Seemal Bilal, tomorrow at 4PM. #srayhomestaysafe #COVID19 #onlineclasses #onlineconsultation #admission2020
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed


Join us in the next LIVE Interaction with the Faculty of Science.  It consists of Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Chairperson, Department of Computer Science), Dr. Mudassir Shabbir (Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science) and Dr. Mohsen Ali (Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science).  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Live Session with ITU CS Department
Join us for an interactive LIVE session with the Faculty of Business and Management and EMBITE Graduates.   Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us for an interactive LIVE session with the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences.   Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Join us in the next LIVE Interaction with the Faculty of Engineering. It consists of Dr. Junaid Qadir (Chairperson, Department of Electrical Engineering), Dr. Kashif Riaz (Assistant Professor, Department of Electrical Engineering), Dr. Sajid Ahmed (Associate Professor, Department of Electrical Engineering), Dr. Muhammad Mahboob Ur Rahman (Assistant Professor, Department of Electrical Engineering) and Mr. Haris Mehmood (Teaching Fellow, Department of Electrical Engineering).  ...3:00 – 4:00 PM  Wednesday, 22nd July, 2020 Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us for LIVE Interaction with the Faculty of Engineering (Session 4). It consists of: Dr. Rehan Hafiz (Chairperson, Department of Computer Engineering), Dr. Usman Younis (Associate Professor, Department of Computer Engineering), Dr. Muhammad Adnan Siddique (Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Engineering) and Mr. Aftab Alam (Department of Computer Engineering).  3:00 – 4:00 PM; Tuesday, 21st July, 2020 Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us for an interactive LIVE session with the Faculty of Science. It will be moderated by Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Chairperson, Department of Computer Science) while the speakers for the session will be Dr. Arif Mahmood (Professor, Department of Computer Science) and Belal Hashmi (Visiting Faculty, Department of Computer Science).  2:00 PM; Tuesday, 21st July, 2020  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Dr. Fahd Ali (Assistant Professor, Department of Economics) shares how ITU offers a unique blend of insights in its academic programs.   Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Live Session with ITU CS Department
Join us for an interactive LIVE session with the Faculty of Business and Management.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
We congratulate our graduate Sehrish Iqbal on securing admission in Ph.D. with 100% scholarship at the Department of Data Science & AI at Monash University – Australia. Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Meet the Faculty of Science in the latest LIVE interaction consisting of Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Chairperson, Department of Computer Science), Dr. Waqas Sultani (Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science) and Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan (Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science.  1:00 PM  July 18, 2020 Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Faisal Kamran Saeed Ul Hassan
Join us for the third LIVE interaction with the Faculty of Engineering  on July 20.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Dr. Junaid Qadir (Chairperson, Department of Electrical Engineering) talks about AI. He recently secured the Facebook award for Ethics in AI Research Initiative for the Asia Pacific.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us for an interactive LIVE session with the Faculty of Business and Management.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Live Session with ITU CS Department
Join us for the third LIVE interaction with the Faculty of Engineering at ITU. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Learn about the futuristic Embedded Systems Lab at ITU. Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

A brief interaction with Dr. Rehan Hafiz (Professor and Chairperson, Department of Computer Engineering) Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Meet the Faculty of Science at ITU in the latest interactive session with Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Chairperson, Department of Computer Science) as the moderator and Lubna Razzaq (Teaching Fellow, Department of Computer Science) and Waqar Ahmad (Teaching Fellow, Department of Computer Science) as guest speakers.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us for the second LIVE interaction with the Faculty of Engineering at ITU. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Learn about the Microwave Engineering Lab at ITU.  Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Meet the faculty of Computer Science at ITU in the latest interactive session with Dr. Adnan Noor Mian (Dean Faculty of Sciences) as the moderator and Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan (Associate Professor-Faculty of Computer Science) as the guest speaker. #AdmissionsOpen #OnlineITU #Fall2020 #OnlineAdmissions #JoinITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Learn about the futuristic Machines Lab at ITU. Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ #AdmissionsOpen #OnlineITU #Fall2020 #OnlineAdmissions #JoinITU... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ #AdmissionsOpen #OnlineITU #Fall2020 #OnlineAdmissions #JoinITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Meet the faculty of Computer Science at ITU in the latest interactive session with Dr. Adnan Noor Mian (Dean Faculty of Sciences) as the moderator and Dr. Mudassir Shabbir (Assistant Professor-Faculty of Computer Science) as the guest speaker. #AdmissionsOpen #OnlineITU #Fall2020 #OnlineAdmissions #JoinITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Learn about the cutting edge Controls Systems Lab at ITU. Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ #AdmissionsOpen #OnlineITU #Fall2020 #OnlineAdmissions #JoinITU... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ @zaheer.sarwar @hajira kureshi @adeel616
Let's talk about the challenges and opportunities in on-going pandemic and lockdown; with reference to the use of technology and online education system.


 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ @zaheer.sarwar @hajira kureshi @adeel616
The Center for Digital Humanities, back in May 2020, pioneered a unique competition at a time when there was no light at the end of the tunnel. The advent of COVID-19 and a global lockdown demoralized students, which inspired the Research Team to come up with The Multiplayer Online Boards competition. Crafted by the fans of Assassins Creed and Black Ops, MOBs was a competition that gave the students an opportunity to have fun, create, innovate, produce videos - for which they... could win CA$H!!! and most importantly keep their minds off the negativity prevailing as a result of the Novel Coronavirus.  First 100 students to register were divided into 10 teams having 10 members each from all batches of Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science & Management and Technology. Each team was assigned a scenario that they had to collaboratively solve and evaluate using critical and creative thinking and then give their solution in a 5 minute video clip. 6 teams made it to the final round and the best 2 were given 1st and 2nd prize of Rs. 30,000 and Rs. 20,000, respectively by our judges, Dr. Stuart Dunn, Head – Department of Digital Humanities, Kings College London and Ms. Rachael V. James, Filmmaker – Writer – Director, The University of Melbourne. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Meet the faculty of Computer Science at ITU in the latest interactive session with Dr. Adnan Noor Mian (Dean, Faculty of Science) as the moderator and Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Chairperson, Department of Computer Science) as the guest speaker.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Learn about innovative Electronics Lab at ITU. Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Learn about state-of-the-art Communications Lab at ITU. Admissions Open Fall ‘20. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join us for an interactive LIVE session with the faculty of Computer Science.  #ITUAdmissions #OnlineAdmissions #AdmissionsOpen #Fall2020  @zaheer.sarwar @hajira kureshi @faisal.kamiran
 Tune in to Information Technology University FM 90.4 right now and liste...n to Nasrullah Michel Ansari Official-Page with RJ Seemal Bilal in the segment called 'Jo Fit hai Wo Hit hai. For feedback, whatsapp at 03092015074 or call at 04235948444
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Bright students of the Department of Economics continue to excel and make their mark. In a recent  hackathon by the UNDP, our student Hamid Saeed (MS Development Studies Batch '19) and his team got the distinction of winning the 1st challenge of ‘Master The Disaster Hackathon – Punjab | Youth Engagement in Climate Change and Crisis Resilience’. The winning team (Team 5 – Dominators) devised a unique solution in response to the challenge statement: Establishment of viable, inc...lusive and scalable solutions to cope with climate change induced disasters in Punjab. Participants also have the option of focusing on locust attacks since these are linked to climate change.   The team also secured seed funding to get the idea off the ground. Other members of the team included Ayesha Shafiq, Muneeba Shabir, Humaira Aslam Chughtai and Muhammad Shees. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Hamid Saeed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Center for Digital Humanities at ITU earlier held Multiplayer Online Boards Competition. Final results of the competition are set to be announced tomorrow during a Facebook LIVE session.  Mark your calendar now.   Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Publication Alert!  The School of Humanities and Social Sciences is pleased to announce that the Safer Society for Children Project has published the proceedings from its first ever conference on the Prevention of Child Sexual Abuse. It was held on 28th - 29th February, 2020 and was attended by policy makers and practitioners, academics, NGOs and educators.  The papers included in these proceedings are a testament to dedicated organizations and individuals who have been tryin...g to tackle the rising instance of child sexual abuse. This conference was organized in order to provide a platform so that different stakeholders could be brought together in order to tackle the dilemma. 
We are delighted to share that Dr. Sarfraz Khurshid has joined Information Technology University as the new Vice Chancellor. Under his leadership, we are confident that the premier research institute will reach new heights of academic rigor and research par excellence.  Professor Dr. Sarfraz Khurshid holds a PhD in Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), USA. He has done his undergraduate in Mathematics and Computer Science from Imperial College... (London), UK and read Part III of the Mathematical Tripos at Trinity College Cambridge, UK. Previously, Dr. Khurshid has served as Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at The University of Texas at Austin.  His research interests include automated software engineering, software testing, static and dynamic checking of code conformance, repair of structurally complex data, model checking, formal specification languages, and parallel and incremental algorithms for software analysis.
Research paper from ITU Scientometrics Lab has been accepted for publication in International Journal of Information Management (Impact Factor: 8.210). The paper is titled, “A framework to evaluate the interoperability of information systems – Measuring the maturity of the business process alignment”.  This research has been done in collaboration with colleagues from King Abdulaziz University and  Manchester Metropolitan University - United Kingdom. Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan is the... Director of Scientometrics Lab and Associate Professor at Information Technology University (ITU), a former Post-Doctorate Fellow at the United Nations University – with more than 15 years of hands-on experience of advanced statistical techniques, artificial intelligence, and software development client work.  Dr. Saeed’s research interests lie within the areas of Data Science, Scientometrics, Bibliometric Tools for Evidence-based Research Policy Formulation, Information Retrieval and Text Mining. Dr. Saeed is also the recipient of James A. Linen III Memorial Award in recognition of his outstanding academic performance. More recently, he has been awarded Eugene Garfield Honorable Mention Award for Innovation in Citation Analysis by Clarivate Analytics, Thomson Reuters.




 This is the result of collaborative research with ETH Zurich.

 Schedule meeting: https://itu.edu.pk/application/web/site/meeting Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed


Lincoln Corner Lahore has developed a 4-day online workshop for students who have recently graduated or are about to graduate soon and will be applying for jobs. The workshop titled 'Business Communication for Beginners' is going to focus on the ethics of business communication, the qualities that employers require in terms of communication, the resume building process and the interview process.  Following is the break-down of the workshop:  Day 1 will focus on an introductio...n to business communication, Interpersonal Communication, and Business Etiquette basics. Participants will then be given a guideline on how to plan resumes. Day 2 will carry forward the session with a detailed discussion on the difference between resumes and CVs. They will be encouraged to share their research from the day before. The session will focus on the writing and completion processes of resumes. Participants will then be given a brief idea about the interview process.  Day 3 will focus entirely on the interview process. Day 4 will be a mock Interview Session in which a student will be present to show what a job interview is like.  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Learn about BS Economics with Data Science and MS Development Studies: Development, Technology & Policy. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/... Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Do not forget to join us for an exciting LIVE session on ITU Facebook on ‘Secrets of Reducing Belly’. The speaker for the session is Mr. Nasrullah Michel Ansari.  Nasrullah Michel Ansari is International Zumba presenter from USA; CPD certified nutrition coach from UK and Three DAN black belt from World Taekwondo Federation. See:https://www.facebook.com/events/372670980374164/
Join Professor Dr. Junaid Qadir for LIVE presentation on ‘Essential Skills for Effective 21st Century Engineers and Scientists’.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-junaid-qadir/ Professor Dr. Junaid Qadir is the Chairperson Electrical Engineering Department. He is also Director of the IHSAN Lab at ITU. See: http://ihsanlab.itu.edu.pk/


Join us today!   As part of their Student Development Program, the QEC in collaboration with ITU's Economics department are hosting the a webinar titled, “Pakistan’s Economy & Challenges for Business Community”. Guest speaker for the session will be Mr. Kashif Anwer. He is a former Vice President, Lahore Chamber of Commerce & Industry.


 Conference paper written by Dr. Muddasir Shabbir and Dr. Waseem Abbas has been accepted for publication in RSS2020- Robotics: Science and Systems 2020. The paper is titled, “Resilient Distributed Diffusion for Multi-Robot Systems Using Centerpoints”.  Here is an open access link to the paper: https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.05497 Dr. Muddasir Shabbir is an Assistant Professor, Faculty of Computer Science at ITU. Dr. Shabbir received his PhD from Division of Computer Science, Rutgers University, NJ USA. His main area of research is Algorithmic and Discrete Geometry. See: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/muddasir-shabbir/ Dr. Waseem Abbas is Research Assistant Professor, Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN.  Writers other than Dr. Muddasir Shabbir and Dr. Waseem Abbas include Jiani Li and Xenofon Koutsoukos. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Zohair Raza Hassan
Join the latest session of the #ThinkFestConversations today.  Today's discussion revolves around how COVID 19 is affecting the Silicon valley and Pakistan. What has been and will be its impact on entrepreneurs and startups. Tim Draper is a venture capitalist, founder of Draper University, and leads several companies, and Aamir Ibrahim is CEO of Jazz, the largest telecom company in Pakistan, serving over 61 million. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Afkar e Taza ThinkFest


 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Results for the Multiplayer Online Boards Competition earlier held by Center for Digital Humanities are set to be unveiled. Hear valuable feedback from our esteemed judges here:
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed




At ITU, we have successfully transformed the landscape of education through seamless online classes. We thank you for your crucial support and constant cooperation. We shall together bring our lives back to the routine…till then…Stay Home…Stay Safe!
Dr. Junaid Qadir, a professor at the Information Technology University (ITU), and Amana Raquib, Assistant Professor at the Institute of Business Administration (IBA), Karachi received an award for Ethics in AI Research Initiative for the Asia Pacific, by Facebook.
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 We, at ITU, congratulate Dr. Junaid Qadir on winning Facebook’s Research Award on ‘Ethics in AI Research Initiative for the Asia Pacific’. He is the Principal Investigator of ‘Culturally Informed Pro-social AI Regulation and Persuasion Framework’ while Dr. Amana Raquib from Institute of Business Administration – Karachi is the co-investigator.  Ethics in AI for the Asia Pacific RFP:... To help support thoughtful and groundbreaking academic research in the field of AI ethics in the Asia Pacific, Facebook partnered with the Centre for Civil Society and Governance of The University of Hong Kong and the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data, Hong Kong (PCPD; esteemed co-chair of the Permanent Working Group on Ethics and Data Protection in AI of the Global Privacy Assembly) to launch the Ethics in AI for the Asia Pacific RFP in December 2019. About Dr. Junaid Qadir:  Dr. Junaid Qadir completed Ph.D. from University of New South Wales, Australia in 2008 and his Bachelors in Electrical Engineering from UET, Lahore, Pakistan in 2000. He is the Director of the IHSAN (ICTD; Human Development; Systems; Big Data Analytics; Networks Lab) Research Lab at ITU. His primary research interests are in the areas of computer systems and networking and using ICT for development (ICT4D). He has served on the program committee of a number of international conferences and reviews regularly for various high-quality journals. He is an Associate Editor for IEEE Access, Springer Nature Central’s Big Data Analytics journal, Springer Human-Centric Computing and Information Sciences, and the IEEE Communications Magazine. He is an award-winning teacher who has been awarded the highest national teaching award in Pakistan—the higher education commission’s (HEC) best university teacher award—for the year 2012-2013. http://ihsanlab.itu.edu.pk/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Muhammad Suleman IHSAN Research Lab at ITU

Do not forget to join us for an exciting LIVE session on ITU Facebook on ‘Anger Management’. Speakers for the session are Mr. Nasrullah Michel Ansari and Nayab Shah. See:https://www.facebook.com/events/190802858925957/ 

 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Do not forget to join us for an interactive LIVE session on ITU Facebook on the topic: What is Entrepreneurship and how it connects to Pakistan. The guest speaker for the session is Mr. Fahad Rao. It will be hosted by Ms. Sana Khalid.
Join an engaging and critical conversation between Professor Niall Ferguson, Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and Dr Rabia Akhtar, Director of the School of Integrated Social Sciences, University of Lahore on "The Square, the Tower and the Virus: COVID-19 in History and Network Science" on Thursday, June 18, at 7PM.  #ThinkFestConversations  See:https://www.facebook.com/events/282095456490020/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Afkar e Taza ThinkFest
 Schedule meeting: https://itu.edu.pk/application/web/site/meeting Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed


We, at ITU, welcome Dr. Muhammad Adnan Siddique as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Engineering. Dr. Siddique has a doctorate in Remote Sensing and Earth Observation from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, ETH Zürich. He also did a short post-doc at ETH Zürich. Previously he has done the European Masters of Research in Information and Communications Technologies -- a joint degree offered by Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT), Germany and Techn...ical University of Catalonia, Spain. He brings with him a rich experience in teaching and research. He has worked as an Assistant Professor, Faculty of Electrical Engineering at the Department of Electrical Engineering at FAST-NU. He has taught several undergraduate and graduate courses including Probability Theory & Random Variables, Image Processing Methodologies for Remote Sensing and Digital Signal Processing. He is also continuing collaborative research with ETH Zurich, TU Berlin and MIT, and is in the process of establishing new research collaborations in Pakistan. He is setting up the Remote Sensing & Spatial Analytics lab, which is expected to be a premier research lab focusing on spatio-temporal signal analyses with advanced remote sensing technologies. Dr. Siddique has also published extensively in various international journals and conferences. We wish him the best and welcome him at the Information Technology University (ITU). Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Mariyam Zahid
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Enroll now for online short course on Public Speaking: Communication Skills and Personality Development by Malik Asad Awan. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Instructor’s Profile: Malik Asad Awan’s vast experience for over two decades at national and international platforms offers a unique opportunity to prospective students to polish their communication skills. Mr. Awan is currently an instructor at Pakistan Judicial Academy. He also trains CSS officers. Sign up for a...n exciting range of online short courses being offered by Professional Development Center at ITU. Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #communication #personalitydevelopment #introduction #publicspeaking #impact #impression #profile #persona #speaking
In Spring Semester 2020, the CGP hosted the following talks. Despite the pandemic and lock-down, the talks continued online and gathered a wide and diverse audi...ence. Please do give us suggestions for more talks so that we may keep the conversation going in the summer! Economics of Globalisation https://www.facebook.com/watch/live/?v=638303423390564 New Media and the Politics of Globalisation https://www.facebook.com/watch/live/?v=866147320543684
Enroll now for online short course on Ethical Hacking by Muhammad Shoaib Bhatti. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ In 20 comprehensive modules, the course covers over 270 attack technologies, commonly used by hackers. The goal of this course is to help you master an ethical hacking methodology that can be used in a penetration testing or ethical hacking situation. You walk out the door with ethical hacking skills that are highly in demand, as well as the globally recognized Certified Ethical Hacker certification. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Sign up for online short courses from anywhere in the world. Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice.

Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Enroll now for online short course on Mobile Development (Android) offered by Syed Basit Ali Jafri. See course content here: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/mobile-development-android/ Sign up for our online courses now.  Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #mobileappdevelopment #android #java

Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Enroll now for online short course on Python Associate Programmer with AI/ML by Syed Basit Ali Jafri. The course has been designed for an advanced independent certification which the students can take on their own after completion of this course. The course focuses on Python Libraries of Data Science/Machine Learning. The applicants should know programming in at le...ast one programming language, like Python, C++, Java or C#, etc. They should have a basic understanding of mathematics and problem solving, reasoning and logic. Sign up for our distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #python #AI #ML #PDC #ITU Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
A conversation between Noam Chomsky and Najam Sethi on covid, Trump, race, elections and progressives in Today's America.
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering a short course on ‘Microsoft Excel: Essentials for Business Analysis’ to be taught by Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Instructor's Profile:... Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam holds Master’s degree (MS.c-Business Analytics) from Imperial College London (2016-2017) before which he was at LUMS where he completed his undergraduate honors degree (B.Sc. Honors Accounting and Finance). Sign up for a range of distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan


Enroll now for online short course on Mobile Development (iOS) offered by Sana Ahmad. This short course will strive to train the candidates with core iOS development concepts and give them hands-on development experience in the most essential features set used currently. Moreover, we’ll touch upon some basic freelancing and professional attitude flaws that should be avoided and some traits that help in professional life. 𝐏𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐬𝐞 𝐧𝐨𝐭𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐈𝐓𝐔 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐯𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 𝐚𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐢𝐛...𝐥𝐞 𝐯𝐢𝐚 𝐓𝐞𝐚𝐦𝐕𝐢𝐞𝐰𝐞𝐫 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐜𝐚𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐬 𝐢𝐧 𝐜𝐚𝐬𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐲 𝐝𝐨𝐧'𝐭 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐚 𝐌𝐚𝐜. Pre-Requisites: Basic programing knowledge. Programing Languages and Algorithms. Instructor’s Profile: Sana Ahmad has done MS Computer Science from LUMS. She has 11 years of professional experience in various capacities: software engineer, team lead, freelancer, entrepreneur and trainer. Ms. Ahmed began her professional career as a software engineer at Tkxel. There she excelled and became the Team Lead managing her own projects as well as training junior and mid-level resources. She served this role for around 3.5 years and then embarked into the realm of entrepreneurship, by starting her first software startup RêveApps. The core idea behind RêveApps was to work with start-ups and established brands, mostly from the US, as their development team, assist them in launching their mobile/web idea, furthermore help them to achieve their funding and seeding capital goals. She is also a founding member and CTO for another start-up LiveWire, a custom solution provider for software development and staff augmentation across the entire product development. During her period as an entrepreneur, She worked with international and local clients including MixCord, NatGeo, Moga-PowerA, getPikkUp, Favly, QuranIQ, Jazz, Ufone, and Jubilee. She has also worked with a team of 40+ developers, managed and trained them as IT professionals. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Sign up for these distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #mobileappdevelopment #iOS #programming #freelancing #entrepreneurship
 Schedule meeting: https://itu.edu.pk/application/web/site/meeting Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
'New Media and the Politics of Globalisation'
Do not forget to join in for a LIVE conversation to be hosted by Dr. Yaqoob Bangash with our esteemed guest speaker Mr. Raza Rumi. The topic of the session is 'New Media and the Politics of Globalisation'.  See:https://www.facebook.com/events/579895689595527/ #media #journalism #politics #glbalization #communication #technology #news  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash
Enroll now for an exciting short course on Web Development offered by Professional Development Center to be taught by Mr. Zain Mehmood. In this course you will learn to develop interactive and responsive websites. It includes HTML5 and CSS3 for creating beautiful web pages. BootStrap for developing responsive and elegant websites and Angular Js to develop front-end client application and a back-end service built with Rest API. Instructor: Zain Mehmood... He is a web administrator at ITU. He holds a BS(Hons) degree in Computer Science. He has previously worked as a Software Engineer at NextBridge Pvt Ltd. He has a hands on experience of over 8 years of PHP, Databases, Angular JS, jQuery and CSS and various web application frameworks i.e Yii, CodeIgniter and Content Management Systems such as WordPress, Magento 1 & 2.0. Sign up for these distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ #webdevelopment #onlinecourse #distancelearning #php #databases #angularJS #CSS Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Zain Mehmood
Professional Development Center is offering a new range of exciting online short courses and certifications. For the latest batch of courses, PDC has engaged accomplished practitioners and leading instructors in their respective fields. Not only will they share their knowledge and insights but also impart practical skills for participants to excel in their academic or professional pursuits. See: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/... Registration deadline: June 15, 2020
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

 Bilal Qureshi has put together an amazing short course for you. He brings with him a vast experience in the art and is ready to share it with you. This course is intended for individuals with almost no filmmaking background and offers a chance to work through a full generation cycle on a short film-from content advancement through till after creation. The course focuses on the study of four essential components of filmmaking: writing, directing, cinematography, and editing. Students would write, produce, direct, and edit a short film exercises using HD cameras, lighting packages, and advanced editing software. Practical workshops and training exercises will provide a well-balanced prologue to the technical craft of filmmaking and the art of visual storytelling. Working in Pakistani media for more than 15 years, Mr. Qureshi is best acknowledged as a Director. He has worked with several distinguished production houses and TV channels after having completed his professional degree in filmmaking. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Bilal H.Qureshi

Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. Enroll now for an exciting short course, 'Trading Financial Markets (FX, Stocks, Crypto Currencies)' to be taught by Mohammad Ali Zaheer. Everything you would need to educate yourself to become a profitable trader is covered in this short course. Accelerated learning, experimenting and experiencing is all in the course outline. It focuses on the study of technical analysis used by world institutions in order to predict the market and profit from them. Detailed technicals, intense homework and practices and live trading sessions are all part of the course. Hopefully, after the course, the foundation will be strong to fast track the financial career into a fruitful trading profession! Mr. Zaheer is a qualified ACCA professional, expert in financial analysis and financial management. He is a Certified Trading Analyst with an experience spanning over 7 years in financial markets and mentored by 3 professional millionaire traders from Japan, Malaysia and Canada. He has also worked with several Trading firms, Fund management companies and prop traders in Malaysia, Canada, Singapore, USA and Netherlands. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan

At the 5th International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems (CYBER-2020), to be held on October 25-29, 2020 in Nice, France, Information Technology University is organizing a special track on Side Channel Attacks, Detection & Defenses (SCADD) in collaboration with LIRMM–CNRS, University of Montpellier, France. This special track at the CYBER-2020 will provide an international platform for researchers, academics, and industry participants to present their recen...t research related to the security attacks & exploitations, attack-resilient architectures and schemes, practical attacks, test platforms and open benchmarks, detection techniques and countermeasures. The track offers multiple formats for paper submission including regula/short papers as well as poster submission. The deadline for submission is August 01, 2020. Prospective contributors can find more details at the following links or contact the track chairs.



 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
We, at ITU, welcome Dr. Rehan Ahmed as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Engineering. Dr. Ahmed has a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from University of Wisconsin-Madison. He completed his Postdoctoral Research from Computer Engineering and Networks Laboratory, ETH Z¨urich. Previously he had done MS Electrical Engineering from University of Wisconsin-Madison.  He brings with him a rich experience in teaching and research. He has worked as an Assistant Profe...ssor, Faculty of Electrical Engineering at the GIK Institute. He taught the courses: Electrical Network Analysis and Linear Circuit Analysis. He is also continuing collaborative research with ETH Z¨urich and in the process of establishing new research collaborations in Pakistan. He has also supervised Ph.D. students. Dr. Ahmed has also published extensively in various international journals and conferences.  We wish him the best and welcome him at Information Technology University.  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Mariyam Zahid
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Afkar e Taza ThinkFest is hosting a critical discussion on what is happening in the United States at the moment. Race relations, Corona-virus, the upcoming elections, and of course President Trump, will all form part of this conversation with one of the leading public intellectuals in the world, Noam Chomsky, who will be joined by Pakistan's foremost journalist and commentator, Najam Sethi.  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Afkar e Taza ThinkFest
As part of their Student Development Program, the QEC in collaboration with ITU's Economics department are hosting the a webinar titled, “Pakistan’s Economy & Challenges for Business Community”.  Guest speaker for the session will be Mr. Kashif Anwer. He is a former Vice President, Lahore Chamber of Commerce & Industry.  3PM - 5PM Friday, June 26, 2020  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal



 Pacific-Asia Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, PAKDD (Singapore) is core Rank A conference.  ... Dr. Muddasir Shabbir is Assistant Professor, Faculty of Computer Science. He is PhD (Computer Science) from Rutgers State University of New Jersey, USA. Zohair Raza Hassan is a Research Associate. This work was done in collaboration with professors from LUMS and Vanderbilt University. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Enroll now for online short course on Introduction to Search Engine Optimization by Abdul Wahab Ahmad. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Instructor’s Profile:... Abdul Wahab Ahmad is an eCommerce Consultant and a Professional Trainer with over 10 years of experience. He is specialized in Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and Search Engine Marketing (SEM) and other dimensions of Digital Marketing. He is proficient in various mandatory growth hacking tools and technologies including Google Trends, Google AdWords,Google Analytics and Google Webmasters Tools. He has helped over 200 websites to achieve their goals in terms of Search Engine rankings and Digital Marketing goals. Sign up for an exciting range of online short courses being offered by Professional Development Center at ITU. Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan

 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Professional Development Center at ITU has arranged for an exciting range of online short courses. Pick your course (s) and register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Registration deadline: June 15, 2020 Courses are open for students and professionals everywhere. It is one-of-its kind opportunity that is affordable and accessible to everyone. Students and professionals from outside Lahore are especially encouraged to apply and learn from professionals and experts with vast expe...rience and sound knowledge about the market. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
 Dr. Izza Aftab is the Chairperson of the Economics Department and Director of the SDG Tech Lab. Sadaf Akbar is a Research Associate at the SDG Tech Lab. ITU SDG Tech Lab: http://sdgtl.itu.edu.pk/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Dr. Muhammad Mahboob Ur Rahman on "Power Imbalance Detection in Smart Grid via Grid Frequency Deviations: A Hidden Markov Model Based Approach".
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join in the latest LIVE session of ThinkFest Conversations. It is going to be an interactive conversation on Professor Anatol Lieven's acclaimed new book 'Climate Change and the Nation State: The Case for Nationalism in a Warming World.' In this hard-hitting and exceptionally timely book, Anatol Lieven argues that the only way to generate sufficient support for rapid and radical action to limit climate change is to present it as a mortal threat to the interests and the long-t...erm survival of nation states. This will require environmentalists to mobilize nationalism and seek alliances with national security elites. This book is written in strong support of proposals for a “Green New Deal”, and advises how they could be greatly strengthened. In a section which foreshadows the Corona-virus pandemic, Anatol Lieven points out that the threats to the lives of citizens from climate change and its associated effects (heatwaves, natural disasters and the spread of tropical diseases) vastly outweigh the danger to them from other states. Joining Professor Lieven will be Professor Adil Najam Dean of the Pardee School at Boston University, who will bring in his experience of working on climate change for decades, especially in the Pakistani and South Asian context. Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/239536734008978/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Afkar e Taza ThinkFest
Professional Development Center at ITU has arranged for an exciting range of online short courses. Pick your course (s) and register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Registration deadline: June 15, 2020 Courses are open for students and professionals everywhere. It is one-of-its kind opportunity that is affordable and accessible to everyone. Students and professionals from outside Lahore are especially encouraged to apply and learn from professionals and experts with vast experience and sound knowledge about the market.
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Professional Development Center has extended the deadline for registration in online courses after overwhelming response from prospective students and professionals.  Now you can all benefit from the unique opportunity and register in our exciting range of short courses from anywhere in the world. 
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

Join us today for an interactive LIVE session on ITU Facebook on 'Gender and Globalisation'. Guest speaker for the session will be Dr. Afiya S Zia while the host will be Dr Yaqoob Khan Bangash, Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/539886060029709/
Enroll now for online short course on Ethical Hacking by Muhammad Shoaib Bhatti.  Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ In 20 comprehensive modules, the course covers over 270 attack technologies, commonly used by hackers. The goal of this course is to help you master an ethical hacking methodology that can be used in a penetration testing or ethical hacking situation. You walk out the door with ethical hacking skills that are highly in demand, as well as the globally recognized Certified Ethical Hacker certification.  Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Sign up for online short courses from anywhere in the world.  Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Enroll now for online short course on 2D Animation: From Sketch to Sprite by Ayesha A. Ali.  Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Instructor’s Profile:  Ayesha A. Ali hails from a family full of educators and is an avid proponent for education free from profit. She holds degrees in Design, Education, and Literature, and is associated with education for over 18 years in varying capacities. She is also co-founder of Chokorus, a multimedia design agency.... Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Sign up for online short courses from anywhere in the world.  Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Enroll now for online short course on Introduction to Search Engine Optimization by Abdul Wahab Ahmad. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Instructor’s Profile:... Abdul Wahab Ahmad is an eCommerce Consultant and a Professional Trainer with over 10 years of experience. He is specialized in Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and Search Engine Marketing (SEM) and other dimensions of Digital Marketing. He is proficient in various mandatory growth hacking tools and technologies including Google Trends, Google AdWords,Google Analytics and Google Webmasters Tools. He has helped over 200 websites to achieve their goals in terms of Search Engine rankings and Digital Marketing goals. Sign up for an exciting range of online short courses being offered by Professional Development Center at ITU. Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice.
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Dr. Ali Ahmed talks about Research Themes at the Center of Artificial Intelligence and Computational Science (CACTuS) at ITU.  Dr. Ali Ahmed is currently associated with the Department of Electrical Engineering at Information Technology University, Lahore as an Assistant Professor and the director of Center of Artiﬁcial Intelligence and Computational Science (CACTuS). He also serves on the management boards of industrial companies and software houses as a technical consultant.... Prior to this he worked at the Department of Mathematics, MIT as a invited faculty member in the year 2017, and as a post-doctoral associate from 2014 to 2016. He has also worked as a post-doctoral fellow at the prestigious Institute of Computational and Experimental Research in Mathematics (ICERM) at Brown University, USA. He completed his PhD in electrical engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology (GaTech), USA, and has been working in the Center of Signal and Information Processing (CSIP) at GaTech.
From Electronics Research & Development to 2D Materials Systems
Professional Development Center at ITU has arranged for an exciting range of online short courses. Pick your course (s) and register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Courses are open for students and professionals everywhere. It is one-of-its kind opportunity that is affordable and accessible to everyone. Students and professionals from outside Lahore are especially encouraged to apply and learn from professionals and experts with vast experience and sound knowledge about the market.  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Enroll now for online short course on Public Speaking: Communication Skills and Personality Development by Malik Asad Awan. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Instructor’s Profile:  Malik Asad Awan’s vast experience for over two decades at national and international platforms offers a unique opportunity to prospective students to polish their communication skills. Mr. Awan is currently an instructor at Pakistan Judicial Academy. He also trains CSS officers. Sign up for ...an exciting range of online short courses being offered by Professional Development Center at ITU.  Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #communication #personalitydevelopment #introduction #publicspeaking #impact #impression #profile #persona #speaking Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan

 UPDATE: This session could not be held. Further update on it will be posted in due time. We are sorry for the inconvenience. We shall keep you posted!  Do not forget to join us for an interactive LIVE session on ITU Facebook on ‘Pakistaniyat: The Need for Pakistani Literature to Claim Global Market’. Guest speakers for the session are Mr. Awais Khan and Mr. Sameer Afzal. It will be moderated by Ms. Sana Khalid.  Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/968149173620821/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid
Enroll now for short course on Game Development and Modeling (Unity) by Syed Basit Ali Jafri.  Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ The course will help you learn game development for mobile and PC platforms. The course is a hands-on program with actual development of a few games like a first-person shooter, running game, racing game, 2d games and more. We will be using Unity 3D as our main tool while we will be touching a few other tools like Photoshop for textures, Make... Human, Maya and a few other tools for 3D models, humanoids and rigging and we will look into a few resources on web from where we can get free and paid assets. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Sign up for online short courses from anywhere in the world.  Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice.

Do not forget to join us for an interactive LIVE session on ITU Facebook on the topic, "Covid-19 Paradox: Developed Economies and Prevalence Rates". Speakers for the session are Dr. Izza Aftab and Dr. Ammar Aftab.  Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/233795731051266/
 Saima Bhaur is a Ph.D. scholar and an educationist with 15 years of teaching experience at university level. Her research area is Second Language Acquisition (SLA). She is a prolific knowledge creator and a regular contributor in the international conferences. 3:00 PM Monday, May 18, 2020... #communication #presentation #vocalics #gesture #verbal #tone #timemanagement Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi


Do not forget to join an informative LIVE session on "The Industrial Perspective Towards Automation - Necessary Skill Development for Young Graduates and Professionals" by Dr. Usman Younis today.  Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/1079043625803292/ #aurtomation #skilldevelopment #qualityoptimization #management #engineering #SME  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering a short course on ‘Microsoft Excel: Essentials for Business Analysis’ to be taught by Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Instructor's Profile: ... Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam holds Master’s degree (MS.c-Business Analytics) from Imperial College London (2016-2017) before which he was at LUMS where he completed his undergraduate honors degree (B.Sc. Honors Accounting and Finance). Sign up for a range of distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan @Ahmad Bilal Aslam
 Muhammad Afnan Ansari (PhD Student-Dept. of Electrical Engineering) has presented his research paper, ‘A Pragmatic Metasurface with Asymmetric Spin Interactions’ in the Conference on Lasers and Electro-Optics (CLEO 2020) San Jose, USA. He has also received a Presenter Fee Grant from the OSA Foundation and the Incubic/Milton Chang Travel Fund for CLEO 2020. The paper is published in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library and OSA Publishing’s Digital Libra...ry.

Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Enroll now for online short course on Python Programming for Young Wizards by Syed Basit Ali Jafri. This course is specifically designed for students who are yet to join university education. This is an ideal course for school going children. It covers basic operators, input/output, conditions, loops, data aggregators, functions & modules, classes & objects. Regist...er online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #python #online #shortcourse #pdc #ITU Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ #OnlineAdmissions #JoinITU  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed


 In a session titled, "What I Learned by Investing in Online Persona and Being More Engaging in Online Communities", Mr. Haq will share with us keen insights on various aspects of our online engagement and tips on creating an effective virtual persona.  • Are you a silent observer OR an active observer in online engagements on platforms like Twitter, Stackoverflow, LinkedIn etc.?  ... • Is it important to become an influencer while not sharing your honest thoughts and opinions online?   • How can you become visible to recruiters?  Mr. Haq will talk about all these questions and share practical tips and insights from his experience.  Do not forget to join us. Come prepared with questions and share your thoughts and queries.  #online #profile #persona #impact #Facebook #Twitter #Linkedin #career #influence  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad


Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Enroll now for online short course on Python Associate Programmer with AI/ML by Syed Basit Ali Jafri.  The course has been designed for an advanced independent certification which the students can take on their own after completion of this course. The course focuses on Python Libraries of Data Science/Machine Learning. The applicants should know programming in at l...east one programming language, like Python, C++, Java or C#, etc. They should have a basic understanding of mathematics and problem solving, reasoning and logic. Sign up for our distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #python #AI #ML #PDC #ITU  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Enroll now for online short course on Cloud Computing (Google, AWS, Azure) by Mr. Ali Zain.  He is CEO at Fireworks Technology and Amazon Consulting Partner. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Sign up for these distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/... Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #cloudcomputing #google #aws #azure #pdc #shortcourse Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan

Enroll now for online short course on Mobile Development (iOS) offered by Sana Ahmad.  This short course will strive to train the candidates with core iOS development concepts and give them hands-on development experience in the most essential features set used currently. Moreover, we’ll touch upon some basic freelancing and professional attitude flaws that should be avoided and some traits that help in professional life.  𝐏𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐬𝐞 𝐧𝐨𝐭𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐈𝐓𝐔 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐯𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 𝐚𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬...𝐢𝐛𝐥𝐞 𝐯𝐢𝐚 𝐓𝐞𝐚𝐦𝐕𝐢𝐞𝐰𝐞𝐫 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐜𝐚𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐬 𝐢𝐧 𝐜𝐚𝐬𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐲 𝐝𝐨𝐧'𝐭 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐚 𝐌𝐚𝐜. Pre-Requisites: Basic programing knowledge. Programing Languages and Algorithms.  Instructor’s Profile:  Sana Ahmad has done MS Computer Science from LUMS. She has 11 years of professional experience in various capacities: software engineer, team lead, freelancer, entrepreneur and trainer. Ms. Ahmed began her professional career as a software engineer at Tkxel. There she excelled and became the Team Lead managing her own projects as well as training junior and mid-level resources. She served this role for around 3.5 years and then embarked into the realm of entrepreneurship, by starting her first software startup RêveApps. The core idea behind RêveApps was to work with start-ups and established brands, mostly from the US, as their development team, assist them in launching their mobile/web idea, furthermore help them to achieve their funding and seeding capital goals. She is also a founding member and CTO for another start-up LiveWire, a custom solution provider for software development and staff augmentation across the entire product development. During her period as an entrepreneur, She worked with international and local clients including MixCord, NatGeo, Moga-PowerA, getPikkUp, Favly, QuranIQ, Jazz, Ufone, and Jubilee. She has also worked with a team of 40+ developers, managed and trained them as IT professionals.  Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Sign up for these distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #mobileappdevelopment #iOS #programming #freelancing #entrepreneurship  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan @Sana Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ #OnlineAdmissions #JoinITU  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Enroll now for online short course, “Red Hat Certified System Administrator” by Muhammad Shoaib Bhatti.  Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA) is designed for students who are new to Linux and require core Red Hat Enterprise Linux skills. Focused on administration tasks that will be encountered in the workplace, this course will actively engage students in task-focused activities, lab-based knowledge checks, and facilitative discussions to ensure maximum knowledge an...d skill transfer and retention.  Instructor’s Profile: M.Shoaib Bhatti has more than 20 years of extensive experience of establishing and managing Linux Infrastructure. He is also a professional trainer for LINUX and other flavors of UNIX i.e., SUN Solaris, Fedora, Ubuntu, CentOS, etc.. He focuses on virtualization and security tools. He has also worked in industrial environment and still providing consultancy and solution to many well-known commercial organizations. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Sign up for these distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #redhat #systemadministrator #online #shortcourse #pdc #ITU Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Enroll now for online short course on Mobile Development (Android) offered by Syed Basit Ali Jafri.  See course content here: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/mobile-development-android/ Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Sign up for these distance learning courses from anywhere in the world.  Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/... Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #mobileappdevelopment #android #java Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
"Recent Trends in Photonics and Microwave Engineering"
Do not forget to join in our LIVE session on "Recent Trends in Photonics & Microwave Research at NanoTech Lab, ITU" by Dr. Qasim Mehmood, Dr. Muhammad Zubair and Dr. Kashif Riaz.  Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/266514114723874/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @tauseef.tauqeer

 Sana Khalid will moderate the Facebook LIVE session with panelists: Mahnoor Raheel, Muhammad Wasee, Reesham Naqvi and Wishal Raheel.  Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/2949723708446011/
Intelligent Machine Lab at Information Technology University (ITU) and Chugtai Lab have joined hands to develop fast, accurate and low cost Malaria detection technology using deep learning and computer vision based approaches.  Following is a snapshot of the ongoing work, showcasing efficient automatic stitching of microscopic slide images to create a global slide view, counting of cells, prediction of Malaria type and localization of infected cells. They are also preparing global slide view images to train medical students for educational purposes. #malaria #detection #deeplearning #computervision #prediction Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan

Do not forget to join us today for an interactive LIVE session on 𝗦𝘁𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘀 𝗠𝗮𝗻𝗮𝗴𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝘂𝗻𝗱𝗲𝗿 𝗖𝗼𝘃𝗶𝗱-𝟭𝟵 by Nasrullah Michel Ansari.  #lifestyle #stress #health #Zumba #diet #exercise #lockdown #COVID19
In this seminar, Dr. Izza Aftab talks about the urgent need to rethink Pakistan's industrial policy. She presents the trajectory of manufacturing, Pakistan's (very stagnant) export earnings and other fascinating data to connect Pakistan's performance with economic complexity.  True to good economic sense - her plan is broken up in short, medium and long term goals.
Economics of Globalisation

Enroll now for an exciting short course on Graphic Designing.  The graphic designing course is developed for students, hobbyists and aspiring designers with little to no design experience. Keeping this in mind, the course will provide you with foundations for creating apps that stand out. Participants will explore key UI and UX concepts that are fundamental to smooth, no fuss, creative apps that are loved by users. The course has a secondary component that focuses on practica...l, hands on design workflow. From user flow diagrams to wire-framing to mockups and prototypes, you will explore all components to a successful app design. Interested candidates can sign up for these distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #graphicdesigning #onlinecourse #PDC #ITU
Enroll now for an exciting short course on Web Development offered by Professional Development Center to be taught by Mr. Zain Mehmood.  In this course you will learn to develop interactive and responsive websites. It includes HTML5 and CSS3 for creating beautiful web pages. BootStrap for developing responsive and elegant websites and Angular Js to develop front-end client application and a back-end service built with Rest API. Instructor: Zain Mehmood... He is a web administrator at ITU. He holds a BS(Hons) degree in Computer Science. He has previously worked as a Software Engineer at NextBridge Pvt Ltd. He has a hands on experience of over 8 years of PHP, Databases, Angular JS, jQuery and CSS and various web application frameworks i.e Yii, CodeIgniter and Content Management Systems such as WordPress, Magento 1 & 2.0. Sign up for these distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. #webdevelopment #onlinecourse #distancelearning #php #databases #angularJS #CSS

Gear up for an informed discussion on the topic, “Economics of Globalisation” with Dr. Nadeem ul Haq as our esteemed guest. The online session will be hosted by Dr. Yaqoob Bangash. Dr. Nadeem ul Haque is currently the Vice Chancellor of Pakistan Institute of Development Economics, Quaid-e-Azam University Campus, Islamabad.  Dr. Yaqoob Bangash is Director, ITU Centre for Governance and Policy.  Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/685863215325275/ #economics #globalization #...governance #development #reforms #policy #development  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Waqas Halim
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ #OnlineAdmissions #JoinITU  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
“Analytics-Driven National COVID Response for Pakistan”
Sign up for distance learning courses from anywhere in the world. Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications. Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice. In this course, participants will get hands-on training and acquire digital media marketing skills. This training course aims to provi...de an exceptional opportunity to learn complete SEO life cycle including effective Keywords Research, Latest On-Page SEO Techniques, Creative Web Content Writing and other dimensions of Digital Marketing. It also includes the in-depth learning of Google Trends, Google Adwords, Google Analytics, and Google Webmasters Tools. #digitalmedia #onlinemarketing #socialmedia #onlineshortcourse #PDC #ITU  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Logical Fallacies in Argumentative Writing by Tazeen Bokhari Speaker's Profile: She has a double Master’s Degree in English with her terminal degree from the University of Kingston. She spent over a decade in the UK teaching in various institutions in North London as a Senior Faculty Member as well as at the North East Surrey College of Technology. She specializes in English and Cultural Histories.
Join us for an interactive Facebook LIVE session on “Analytics-Driven National COVID Response for Pakistan” to be hosted by Dr. Izza Aftab with Maha Rehman as the guest speaker.  Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/870710686758559/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
On May 12, ITU Facebook will bring you an interactive LIVE session on "Information Session on EdX and Coursera".  In this interaction, Waqas Halim and Sana Khalid will discuss how to earn FREE certificate from EdX and Coursera. It is timely for students to learn about opportunities where they can make better use of their time at home.  Do not miss it. Let us know your thoughts and questions and our speakers will try to respond to it given limited time.... Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/743405459799408/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Waqas Halim
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ #Admissions #JoinITU Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Bilal Qureshi has put together an amazing short course for you. He brings with him a vast experience in the art and is ready to share it with you.  This course is intended for individuals with almost no filmmaking background and offers a chance to work through a full generation cycle on a short film-from content advancement through till after creation. The course focuses on the study of four essential components of filmmaking: writing, directing, cinematography, and editing. Students would write, produce, direct, and edit a short film exercises using HD cameras, lighting packages, and advanced editing software. Practical workshops and training exercises will provide a well-balanced prologue to the technical craft of filmmaking and the art of visual storytelling. Working in Pakistani media for more than 15 years, Mr. Qureshi is best acknowledged as a Director. He has worked with several distinguished production houses and TV channels after having completed his professional degree in filmmaking. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Bilal H.Qureshi

Sign up for distance learning courses from anywhere in the world.  Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of online Short Courses and Certifications.  Register online: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Top TEN students in each course will be given an opportunity to avail FREE Coursera and Edx certified course of their choice.  Enroll now for an exciting short course, 'Trading Financial Markets (FX, Stocks, Crypto Currencies)' to be taught by Mohammad Ali Zaheer.  Everything you would need to educate yourself to become a profitable trader is covered in this short course. Accelerated learning, experimenting and experiencing is all in the course outline. It focuses on the study of technical analysis used by world institutions in order to predict the market and profit from them. Detailed technicals, intense homework and practices and live trading sessions are all part of the course. Hopefully, after the course, the foundation will be strong to fast track the financial career into a fruitful trading profession! Mr. Zaheer is a qualified ACCA professional, expert in financial analysis and financial management. He is a Certified Trading Analyst with an experience spanning over 7 years in financial markets and mentored by 3 professional millionaire traders from Japan, Malaysia and Canada. He has also worked with several Trading firms, Fund management companies and prop traders in Malaysia, Canada, Singapore, USA and Netherlands. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk #Admissions #JoinITU Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Speaker's Profile:  She has a double Master’s Degree in English with her terminal degree from the University of Kingston. She spent over a decade in the UK teaching in various institutions in North London as a Senior Faculty Member as well as at the North East Surrey College of Technology. She specializes in English and Cultural Histories. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Professional Development Center is offering a new range of exciting online short courses and certifications.  Avail a special 25% DISCOUNT by applying online NOW! For the latest batch of courses, PDC has engaged accomplished practitioners and leading instructors in their respective fields. Not only will they share their knowledge and insights but also impart practical skills for participants to excel in their academic or professional pursuits.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Registration deadline: May 21, 2020 Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
“Beyond the Market: Polanyian Reflections on Economics in the Time of COVID-19”
Team ITU FM 90.4 thank you all for contributing to our educational and informational content with such an enthusiasm. We look forward to same collaboration in f...uture too! 
We, at ITU, welcome Dr. Ammar Aftab as an Assistant Professor, Faculty of Economics. Dr. Ammar Aftab has a Ph.D. in Health Economics from Texas A&M University. During his Ph.D., he focused his research on impact analysis of marijuana legalization and gun laws using quasi-experimental designs. Previously he completed undergrad in Economics from Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS).  Dr. Aftab has published and presented his research work in top journals and conferen...ces respectively. Dr. Aftab has also engaged with Multilateral Development Banks and has been an international health financing expert in projects spanning over 16 countries in 5 different continents.  We wish him a warm welcome on joining ITU’s rigorous and accomplished academic community. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Mariyam Zahid
In this "Special Topics in Policy" Seminar, Ms. Maha Kamal sheds light on the recent plunge in oil prices and what it means for energy security. #oilprices #economy #energy #security  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
We, at ITU, welcome Dr. Sohaib Abdul Rehman as an Assistant Professor, Faculty of Engineering. Dr. Abdul Rehman has a Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge (UK) wherein he designed and developed novel optical bio-imaging systems to answer complex biological questions. Previously he completed a Master's of Research (MRes) from the University of Cambridge (UK) and an undergrad in Electrical Engineering from Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS). He has also worked on... the design and development of Augmented Reality systems at Microsoft Research, Cambridge (UK). We wish him a warm welcome on joining ITU’s vibrant and accomplished academic community. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
1 year of Learning, Creating and Innovating with Dedication, Passion and Commitment through Information, Education and Entertainment; All in One Place!  Informa...tion Technology University's worthy registrar Mr. Zaheer Sarwar's vision and wisdom encouraged FM 90.4 to become a success in a very short span of time.  ITU FM 90.4 offers its gratitude to the worthy VC and Registrar, Deans and Faculty, Staff and Students to make this an amazing journey and look forward to continue serving as a community radio.

Online Short Courses by Professional Development Center at ITU:  PDC is offering a range of online short courses and certifications. Make the best of your time, acquire new skills or polish the existing ones.  PDC ensures and makes available the best trainers.    Register NOW and avail 25% off on short courses and a range of certifications.  Top 10 students from each course will also be able to get FREE certified course form Edx and Coursera.  Registration deadline: May 21, 2020 Visit: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan #shortcourses #certifications #pdc #skillsaquisition #capacitybuilding #career #skills

The faculty of Engineering hosted a webinar on the topic, “How to Thrive in Post-COVID-19 Outcome-Based Education: A Student Primer”. Dr. Junaid Qadir, Chairperson of the Electrical Engineering Department led the session. The webinar provided a primer for students on how to thrive in outcome-based education (OBE) particularly in a volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous (VUCA) environment such as the one resulting from the COVID-19 global pandemic. Dr. Qadir discussed seven evidence-based steps that the students can adopt to learn effectively in such environments. Speaker’s profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-junaid-qadir/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Muhammad Suleman
 #Ramzan #Iftar #Quarantine #HealthandFitness #IftarRecipies #StayhomeandListentoITUFM90.4

 Profile: Uzair is the Co-Founder and CTO of Right-Hand Cybersecurity.  Prior to founding Right-Hand, Uzair helped numerous startups at different stages of their growth. Formerly he led the technology and security team at an Ed-Tech startup in Singapore, where he helped them ...from ideation to Series A investment and global expansion. Register here: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScu0DyeCMrcsQ6fOc…/viewform
While we work from home amidst ongoing lock-down, whole definition and mode of work has been altered. How do we remain efficient in these circumstances?  Please let us know what limitations you face and how you are coping with them.   Ms. Wishal Raheel from ITU Lincoln Corner will lead an interactive LIVE session on ITU Facebook to highlight the challenges and practical tips for all those working from home.  Do not miss it.   #work #job #online #life #balance #zoom #meetings ...#efficient #protips Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Waqas Halim
Locked down in our homes, have you found new ways of connecting with your relatives and friends? Well we can all be a little creative and define socializing anew.  Sharing your concerns and feelings with your trusted friends is important. We have an exciting LIVE session lined up with Dr. Ibrahim Siawash to highlight it and much more. Stay tuned! Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad
 Dr. Siawash is USA Certified Clinical Hypnotherapist, Psychologist and NLP Practitioner. Earlier he taught an exciting summer course on Certified Mindful Happiness for Professional Development Center at ITU. Please register here: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSeeQnUUMZDbVwQqst…/viewform
 Can you relate? In an upcoming LIVE session, Dr. Ibrahim Siawash will talk about it and more. He is USA Certified Clinical Hypnotherapist, Psychologist and NLP Practitioner. Earlier he has taught an exciting summer course on Certified Mindful Happiness for Professional Development Center at ITU. #mentalhealth #happiness #work #life #peace #lifestyle #balance Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Waqas Halim Zeeshan Ahmad
 Speaker’s Profile: Dr. Sameen Motahhir is Assistant Professor of English Language at ITU. She is also the Director of ITU's Center for Digital Humanities and Director of the Disruptive Innovation Lab. Prior to coming to ITU, she was not only teaching as A/Professor of English at Trinity College, University of Melbourne but at NMIT Melbourne, MAE Melbourne and was ...a Director at MSP-Australia for 22 years. She has a PhD in English Language and Linguistics, a MA TESOL (Melb Uni), a MA Research In English (Melb Uni.) and MA English LIterature (Kinnarid). Participant’s Profile: Ms. Tazeen Bokhari has a double Master’s Degree in English with her terminal degree from the University of Kingston. She spent over a decade in the UK teaching in various institutions in North London  as a Senior Faculty Member as well as at the North East Surrey College of Technology. She specializes in English and Cultural Histories.
 Overview:  Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) are one of the largest and the most important sectors of Pakistan's economy. This webinar aims to provide students an insight into the SME sector of Pakistan especially in the wake of COVID-19 pandemic. The speaker wil...l highlight various challenges faced by SMEs and recommendations for the way forward.   Timing: 03:00-05:00 PM Friday, May 15, 2020 Register here:  https://forms.gle/wa1q2zAqPf61ayPh9 All students especially from Business and Management as well as Economics Department are encouraged to attend this session. Follow-up instructions on how to access the webinar will be shared with the registered participants.  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
 Dr. Sameen Motahhir is Assistant Professor of English Language at ITU. She is also the Director of ITU's Center for Digital Humanities and Director of the Disruptive Innovation Lab. Prior to coming to ITU, she was not only teaching as A/Professor of English at Trinity College, University of Melbourne but at NMIT Melbourne, MAE Melbourne and was a Director at MSP-Australia for 22 years. She has a PhD in English Language and Linguistics, a MA TESOL (Melb Uni), a MA Research In English (Melb Uni.) and MA English LIterature (Kinnarid). Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Waqas Halim
ITU FM 90.4 brings to you special Ramzan Transmission, Monday to Sunday 4 PM to 12 AM. Tune in and listen to pre and post iftar shows, dua-e-ashra, live tarawee...h alongwith special updates about the on-going pandemic. Tune in FM 90.4 or listen live at http://fm.itu.edu.pk/
Quality Enhancement Cell at ITU has made available a useful handbook titled, “Living in the Times of COVID-19: Handy Handbook for Non-Health Professionals”.  If you have been advised by a healthcare professional, are waiting for COVID-19 test results or cannot get to the hospital, these guidelines help you take the necessary precautions and manage while at home and not spread virus to those around you. 
Dr. Yaqoob Bangash hosts an interactive Facebook LIVE Session with Mr. Ejaz Haider on the topic, “The Future of the Nation-State”.


 Ask away your questions and share your thoughts in the comments section below.  #digitalmarketing #eCommerce #COVID19
Let's have some chit chat 'Iftar se Pehly' with our very own RJ Seemal Bilal only on ITU FM 90.4! Health, fitness, diet tips, cooking recipies and lots more eve...ry Wednesday to Friday 4:15-6:00 PM.  Tune in to FM 90.4 or listen live at http://fm.itu.edu.pk/ For feedback: Watsapp at 03092015074 Live calls at 04235948444
 Nasrullah Michel Ansari is the pioneer certified Zumba Trainer and Nutrition Coach. Do NOT Miss it!... #lifestyle #health #Zumba #diet #exercise #Ramazan #weightloss Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Waqas Halim
Dr. Yaqoob Bangash is hosting an interactive Facebook LIVE Session tomorrow with Mr. Ejaz Haider on the topic, “The Future of the Nation-State”. 


 Mr. Abdul Wahab is an eCommerce Consultant and Professional Trainer. He teaches a short course on Digital Media Marketing from the platform of Professional Development Center at ITU. 
 Tune in FM 90.4 or listen live at http://fm.itu.edu.pk/



Are you inundated with a lot of news? Sometimes information overload can drain your energy without you knowing it. We can feel you! 
Join us for an exciting live session tomorrow with Sher Afghan Malik.  Sher Afghan is a public speaking coach, a seasoned MUNer, and an international debater. He has represented Pakistan at various debating forums in China, Afghanistan, Europe and other countries. Currently he coaches debating teams at prestigious schools in Lahore.  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Waqas Halim

Research paper from ITU Scientometrics Lab has been accepted for publication in Scientometrics journal (Impact Factor: 2.77). The paper is titled, “Introducing the ‘Alt-index’ for Measuring the Social Visibility of Scientific Research”.  Abstract: We propose a new metric called ‘alt-index’, which is analogous to the h-index, but uses altmetrics data to measure both the volume and social media activity of scientific literature.  The dataset includes over 1.1 million papers and... their associated altmetrics score.  A correlation analysis of the h-index and alt-index is conducted at three different levels: field level, source (journal) level, and author level.  Our results show a strong positive correlation between the two indexes across all levels. We conclude that the alt-index can be adopted to measure the social activity of publications in situations where there is agreement amongst various social media channels. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan

Multiplayer Online Boards is one-of-its kind Online Competition brought you by ITU’s Center for Digital Humanities.  Here are the rules of the competition!  (Created by the fans of Assassins Creed and Black Ops) Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
For the first time in Pakistan, ITU’s Center for Digital Humanities is launching an Online Competition- MOBs- Multiplayer Online Boards. This is an opportunity to have fun, create, innovate, and produce videos- for which you can win CA$H!!!
 Dr. Ahmed is Assistant Professor, Faculty of Economics. He has a Ph.D. in Economics from Washington State University. Author’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/haseeb-ahmed/ Abstract:  There is an increased concern among many stakeholders in society that livestock production systems provide a low-quality life to the animals and therefore advocate improved farm animal welfare (FAW). On the other hand, producers are concerned that stricter welfare regulations would decrease their profits and hence their competitiveness. Given the relevance of the debate surrounding FAW especially in Sweden, and the lack of studies related to the beef sector, this study examined the impact of changes in FAW practices on economic performance of Swedish beef fattening operations. We modelled a herd of 50 cattle of either beef or dairy breed reared for meat production to examine the impact of increased space allowance, including a corresponding decrease in herd size, and increased forage-to-concentrate (FC) ratio. We found that a 1-m2/animal increase in space allowance was associated with a decrease of 18.9 and 10.8% in short-run, per animal profits in beef and dairy breeds, respectively. Sensitivity analysis suggested that an increase in weight gain and short-run loss in herd size due to increased space allowance were the most important factors. We estimated that an increase in the FC ratio from 40:60 to 65:35 was associated with a reduction in per animal profits of about 21 to 34% in beef breeds and 17 to 53% in dairy breeds, respectively. Sensitivity analysis indicated that reduced growth due to increased FC ratio was the most important factor. Our results suggest that an increase in space allowance or FC ratio in Swedish beef fattening operations may reduce farm profitability. They also imply that consequences of any policy instrument should be carefully examined to reach the goal of improved FAW along with improved profitability and sustainability for the farmer.
Research paper by Dr. Junaid Qadir, Chairperson of the Electrical Engineering Department, has been published in Nature Scientific Reports. Co-authors include ITU RAs and Alumni: Muhammad Usman, Siddique Latif and Muhammad Asim. The paper is titled, “Retrospective Motion Correction in Multishot MRI using Generative Adversarial Network”. 
For the first time in Pakistan, ITU’s Center for Digital Humanities is launching an Online Competition- MOBs- Multiplayer Online Boards. This is an opportunity to have fun, create, innovate, and produce videos- for which you can win CA$H!!!

Faculty of Engineering at ITU set to host a webinar in order to facilitate its students.  Topic of the webinar is, “How to Thrive in Post-COVID-19 Outcome-Based Education: A Student Primer” It will be led by Dr. Junaid Qadir, Chairperson of the Electrical Engineering Department.  The webinar aims to provide a primer for students on how to thrive in outcome-based education (OBE) particularly in a volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous (VUCA) environment such as the one re...sulting from the COVID-19 global pandemic. In this talk, Dr. Junaid will cover seven evidence-based steps that the students can adopt to learn effectively in such environments.  Please register at the following link by 27th April 2020, 2359 hours:  https://forms.gle/r1gWWLjDG347d9fa6 All students, especially engineering students are highly encouraged to attend. 

ITU FM 90.4 will broadcast Live Taraweeh daily, starting today at 08:15 PM.  Now you can offer namaz e taraweeh at home by tuning in to FM 90.4 or listen live a...t http://fm.itu.edu.pk/

The Public Policy Seminar is a graduate level seminar offered as part of the MSDevS program at ITU. It aims to introduce students to the policy process. In this guest lecture, Dr. Akmal Hussain is discussing COVID-19 and what it means for inclusive development and the role of the state. 
 Dr. Ahmed is Assistant Professor, Faculty of Economics. He has a Ph.D. in Economics from Washington State University.  Author’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/haseeb-ahmed/ Abstract: This paper uses a difference-in-difference framework to estimate the effects of mobile money transfer technology (MMT) on healthcare usage in the face of negative health shocks. We use survey data from 2013-16 with quarterly observations on about 1,600 households of 10 villages in the Kisumu region of Western Kenya. We find evidence that MMT, likely through greater ease of informal borrowing, helps households increase utilization of formal healthcare services in terms of visits to a clinic, consultation and medication expenditures in comparison with the non-users of this technology.
 Having adapted to online mode of learning and interaction, Lincoln Corner Lahore aims to engage and involve every one of you with an appetite to learn and remain active version of themselves especially during these uncertain times.  During the latest session led by Wishal Raheel from the Lincoln Corner, participants read excerpts from 'Seven Habits of Highly Effective People' by Stephen Covey. Pa...rticipants took keen interest in an hour-long session and also shared their own takeaways.  We shall keep you posted when Lincoln Corner Lahore plans its next session.  Stay tuned and stay safe!  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid
Professional Development Center at ITU is set to begin a new batch on a range of online short courses.  Stay connected for details to follow in coming days!  Here catch a glimpse from Trading Financial Markets course being taught by Mr. Ali Zaheer.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/ ... Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Renowned artist and reputed academic Salima Hashmi on child sexual abuse prevention course developed by ITU’s Safer Society for Children (SSC): “The Safer Society for Children has developed a significant course of study  aimed at preventing child abuse in Pakistan. I have studied the contents of the course, found it to be comprehensive and most importantly, sensitive to our cultural context. The course covers all aspects of child sexual abuse in general and also some aspects ...in detail.  Safeguarding children is the responsibility of every society, and one knows we are lacking in this respect in many ways. The course is mindful of this. This course is relevant for people working with children, for personnel working in child protection, for policy makers, for parents, grandparents, and guardians.  Initiating conversations and discussions on this matter is critically important for all members of civil society. This course titled, ““Recognizing and Responding to Child Abuse” can serve as an important, easy to apply tool, for the development of awareness and action - I am pleased to endorse it.” For more information and FREE online course: http://ssc.itu.edu.pk/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan
#OnlineITU Catch a glimpse from online course on System Dynamics being taught by Mr. Hassan Bukhari.  This course will familiarize students with the underlying philosophy of Systems Thinking and equip them with tools to understand and solve complex and persistent problems. The course will teach students to not just observe people, events or data, but to identify patterns of behavior overtime, and extract the underlying structures that drive those events and patterns. The cour...se will draw on content examples from physics, biology, ecology, economics, international relations, humanities, and other disciplines. The course will take concepts as the core and bring in the math, modeling, and simulation where helpful. Mr. Bukhari is a Teaching Fellow. He holds Master's degree in Natural Resources and Environment and a Graduate Certificate in Complex Systems from the University of Michigan.  See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Instructor’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/hassan-bukhari/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Hassan Bukhari
Research work by Dr. Khurram Bhatti has been published in the IEEE Access journal (Impact Factor: 4.10). It is titled, "Meet the Sherlock Holmes’ of Side Channel Leakage: A Survey of Cache SCA Detection Techniques".  This paper discusses the effectiveness, scalability, perils and pitfalls of run-time detection techniques against information retrieval attacks on modern computing architectures.  The work is carried out at ECLab-ITU, Pakistan, in collaboration with the University of California, Davis, USA, and LIRMM-CNRS at the University of Montpellier, France.  For interested readers, the paper is available online: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/9035459 Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @khurram.bhatti.90
#OnlineITU  Catch a glimpse from Dr. Waqas Sultani’s online course: Theory of Automata.  Dr. Sultani is Assistant Professor at ITU. He holds Ph.D. in Computer Science from Center for Research in Computer Vision, University of Central Florida, USA.  See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Instructor’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-waqas-sultani/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Amidst ongoing lockdown due to #coronavirus pandemic, ITU Library & Knowledge Center has taken forward strides in providing online academic services to our students and faculty.  Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @Usman Ali Bhatti
#OnlineITU Catch a glance at Mr. Haris Mehmood teaching online course on Solid State Electronics.  The purpose of the course is to provide basic  understanding of the physics behind semiconductor devices such as solar cells, LEDs, and Transistors. A detailed understanding on the energy band diagram and charge carrier transport mechanism within semiconductor device will be developed. Students are then armed with the knowledge of equilibrium state conditions and response of a d...iode under biasing conditions. In-depth understanding of charge carrier transport in Bipolar Junction Transistor (BJT) and Metal-Oxide-Semiconductor Field Effect Transistor (MOSFET) will also be discussed that forms the basic building block for modern day technology devices. Mr. Mehmood is a Teaching Fellow at ITU. He has done Masters in Electrical Engineering from National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST). See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Instructor’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/haris-mehmood/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Muhammad Suleman
#OnlineITU Catch a glimpse from Dr. Junaid Qadir’s online course on Advance Mathematics.  This course offers an introduction to optimization models and their applications, in particular applications in machine learning, statistics, and control. The course focuses on advanced linear algebra and convex optimization tools, and numerically tractable problems such as linear or constrained least-squares optimization. The course starts by introducing basic linear algebra, and then f...ocuses on convex models (Convexity, Linear Programming, Quadratic Programming, Second Order Cone Programming, Geometric Programming, and Semi-Definite Programming are all introduced and explained). Non-convex models are also briefly introduced.  See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Instructor’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-junaid-qadir/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Muhammad Suleman

As you stay home, make the best use of your time and take a free online course, “Recognizing and Responding to Child Abuse”. The aim of this course is to:... ● Better recognize the signs of child abuse and neglect ● Define the types of child abuse and neglect ● Learn how to educate children to prevent child sexual abuse ● Understand the available resources and helplines available  Visit: http://ssc.itu.edu.pk/online-training/ #ChildSexualAbuse #Prevention #SaferSocietyForChildren #OnlineITU #Pakistan Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan
ITU Media Team has created a how-to guide to ZOOM.  Follow step-by-step process laid out in this video and simplify your Online Classes or Work-From-Home routine!   Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
#OnlineITU Catch a glimpse from Dr. Izza Aftab's online class in 'Issues in World Economy' course.  This intermediate course aims to draw attention and analyse issues of seminal importance to the global economy, within the broad field of international economics. It investigates the origins of the modern economy, the history of capitalism, the impact of globalization, what constitutes macroeconomic crises and how the current issues of the global economy cannot be isolated as o...ne discipline.  Through the course of the semester, students will discuss and critically examine some issues that are at the forefront in 2020. This course is interdisciplinary in nature and draws from economic geography, political economy, international relations, history and other social sciences.  Upon conclusion of this course, students should understand how to approach issues of importance in the global economy and be able to conduct in-depth analysis. This course has been calibrated in view of the ongoing current crisis - the COVID 19 pandemic. By the end students will be able to   appreciate and prescribe global policies to deal with the issue. Dr. Izza Aftab is Assistant Professor and Chairperson, Faculty of Economics. She holds Ph.D. Economics from The New School University (USA).  See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Instructor's Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/izza-aftab/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
Ms. Sadaf Akbar, Research Associate at SDG Tech Lab, writes for The Nation. Her article is titled, ‘Can Slums Contain the Pandemic?’.  The article postulates that slums can become a haven for COVID-19 and consequently lead to unrestrained spread throughout the country. However, it suggests possible measures to prevent this cataclysmic wave of contagion in these socially “invisible settlements” keeping in mind their pertinent features that can escalate it. Link to article: htt...ps://nation.com.pk/16-Apr…/can-slums-contain-the-pandemic Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sadaf Akbar
#OnlineITU Catch a glimpse from Mr. Belal Muhammad Hashmi’s online class on Advanced Operating System.  Mr. Hashmi is a renowned teacher of Computer Science and has an extensive experience teaching the subject. His research interests include: Microprocessor-based Design, Multilingual Software Systems and Control Systems and Computerization of Urdu.  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/belal-muhammad-hashmi/... Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
 Ms. Safdar is associated with ITU Scientometrics Lab.  See: http://www.slab.itu.edu.pk/
#OnlineITU Dr. Adnan Noor Mian teaches his course, ‘Computer Networks and Data Communications’ online.  Dr. Adnan is an Associate Professor and Dean of Sciences at ITU. He holds a Ph.D. in Computer Engineering from the Sapienza University of Rome, Italy while his Postdoc is from the University of Cambridge, UK.  See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Instructor’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-adnan-noor-mian/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
 SDG Tech Lab at Information Technology University collaborates with RIZQ to identify three most deprived slums in Lahore, Pakistan with the aim of effective food and ration drive in extremely poor households.This also helped RIZQ in the difficult decision of phasing in a targeted policy intervention. Dr. Izza Aftab (Director- SDG Tech Lab): “In uncertain times like these when a global... pandemic has disproportionately rendered disadvantaged and poor households effectively helpless, it is incumbent upon us at ITU SDG Tech Lab to step forward and do our part.”    
 In order to facilitate you with it, ITU Media Team is there for you. Our team has prepared this easy-to-follow guide on Microsoft Planner. Follow these easy instructions and accomplish your goals in time! 
#OnlineITU A snapshot from online class of 'Industrial Relations' course being taught by Ms. Anam Rahman Khan: This core course aims to make students understand the factors that shape different systems of industrial relations and introduces business management students to a range of issues and tensions which can arise in employment relations, and the nature, objectives and methods adopted by the various parties (workers, trade unions, employers and government) seeking to infl...uence the nature of those relations. Instructor Ms. Anam Rahman Khan is a Teaching Fellow, Faculty of Business & Management, at ITU. She has done M.Sc. in International Human Resource Management & Comparative Industrial Relations from The University of Manchester.  See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
How is ITU staff holding up during coronavirus lock-down? As ITU looks out to ensure better coordination and productivity, HR Department has chalked out practical guidelines on key aspects for the staff in keeping with prevalent limitations and emerging opportunities for all. ... Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Mariyam Zahid
#OnlineITU  Ms. Maham Ashfaq teaches her course, 'Data Analysis for Social Scientists'  online:  Ms. Ashfaq is a Teaching Fellow, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, at ITU. She has a Masters in Finance and Economics from London School of Economics. She graduated from LUMS with a gold medal in Economics in 2016.  See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Instructor’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/maham-ashfaq/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Maham Ashfaq
#OnlineITU  Here is a snapshot from an online class by Dr. Akmal Hussain. See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Instructor’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-akmal-hussain/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
#OnlineITU  Catch a glimpse from online class on Power Electronics by Dr. Tauseef Tauqeer.   Dr. Tauqeer is Dean Faculty of Engineering and Associate Professor at ITU. He earned Ph.D. and M.Sc. from School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, University of Manchester, UK.  Complete Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-tauseef-tauqeer/ Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer
 Wishal Raheel from Lincoln Corner led the session that brought together professionals working from home amidst the #Covid19 pandemic. The session was conducted via an hour long Zoom Call. Dr Niaz Ahmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Are you looking for a one-stop online place for official public service announcements on #Coronavirus from the Government of Pakistan?!  Learn about symptoms, prevention, travel advisory and frequently asked questions about #Coronavirus. 
#OnlineITU Catch a glimpse from Dr. Mohsen Ali’s online class for ongoing course on Deep Learning.  Dr. Ali is an Assistant Professor, Faculty of Computer Science at ITU. He is co-founder of Intelligent Machines Lab at ITU and heads Computer Vision Research Group. He received his doctoral degree from the Department of Computer and Information Science and Engineering, University of Florida in 2014. Instructor’s Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/mohsen-ali/ See: http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @mohsen.ali.169 Bureera Riaz Ahmed
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 right now and listen to Dr. Sumbal Aslam talking about the ongoing pandemic. Dr. Sumbal will explain symptoms, safety preca...utions and medical tips about Corona virus.  Tune in for an informative session right now!
#OnlineITU Catch a glimpse from Dr. Saeed UL Hassan's online lecture: Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan is the Director of ITU Scientometrics Lab and a faculty member at Information Technology University(ITU), a former Post-Doctorate Fellow at the United Nations University – with more than 15 years of hands-on experience of advanced statistical techniques, artificial intelligence, and software development client work. He earned his Ph.D. in the field Information Management from Asian Insti...tute of Technology, Thailand. He has also served as a Research Fellow at National Institute of Informatics in Japan. See:http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Instructor's Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-saeed-ul-hassan/  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
#OnlineITU Information Technology University adapted a comprehensive model of teaching and learning keeping in view precious time for our students and teachers. The new mode has been up and running since Monday, April 6, 2020.  See:http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Doctors, paramedical staff, civil administration and security forces deserve our support and appreciation in these uncertain times. Across the nation, they have been working tirelessly to give the patients the best care and security despite imminent danger to their own health. As responsible members of a community and citizens of #Pakistan, let’s appreciate and recognize their leading role and thorough professionalism amidst #coronavirus pandemic. 
MIT Technology Review Pakistan asked various stakeholders about the hurdles of remote learning and uncovered multiple perspectives and novel predicaments that surround students and educators alike. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
 Research paper titled, "Winter is here! A decade of cache-based side-channel attacks, detection & mitigation for RSA", authored by Dr. Khurram Bhatti, Assistant Professor at the Faculty of Electrical/Computer Engineering, has been published in the Journal of Information Systems (Impact Factor: 2.06).  Co-authors include Maria Mushtaq, Muhammad Asim Mukhtar, Vianney Lapotre, and Guy Gogniat. This work investigates information leakage through side- and covert-channels on various cryptographic implementations over the last decade. The work is carried out by the Embedded Computing Laboratory (ECLab) of the Information Technology University (ITU) in collaboration with the University of South Brittany (UBS), France. 
Everything you need to know about how #Pakistan is handling #COVIDー19  Read our latest e-newsletter here: https://bit.ly/2y26Hwc Keep up to date with the latest... #science and #technology news.  Sign up: http://bit.ly/MIT_newsletter
#OnlineITU  It has been a week since Information Technology University kicked off online classes for its students on Monday April 6, 2020. It is encouraging to see cooperation and enthusiasm on part of our students as well as faculty.  Here catch a glimpse from Embedded Systems Design course being taught online by Dr. Khurram Bhatti. This course is offered to MS and BS in Electrical Engineering programs  during Spring-2020. See:http://online.itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @khurram.bhatti.90
We, at ITU, welcome Dr. Nokhaiz Tariq Khan as an Assistant Professor, Faculty of Business and Management. Dr. Khan has completed Masters and Doctorate (combined) in Industrial Engineering from Sungkyunkwan University, South Korea. Dr. Khan brings with him rich experience in teaching and research. His research interest is in areas including Supply Chain Management, Demand Forecasting, Technological Forecasting, Competition Dynamics, Simulation and Modeling, Data Analysis and Lean-Green Practices.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 right now with RJ Seemal Bilal and get some amazing tips and tricks for skills you can learn at home. #Quarantine #stayhome #staysafe


Considering uncertainty due to global pandemic of COVID-19, Information Technology University had been making rigorous efforts in order to minimize loss of precious time for our students and teachers alike. In this vein, ITU wholeheartedly redirected requisite efforts adapting an all-encompassing online mode of teaching and learning.  Spearheaded by Vice Chancellor Prof. Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar (SI), ITU has now successfully entered a new mode of teaching and learning via state...-of-art virtual pedagogical methods and techniques. In order to minimize educational losses, dedicated efforts have been made to employ cutting edge modern technology to roll out online classes.  Please note that online classes are set to commence from Monday April 6, 2020. ITU students are directed to visit the link below for class schedule and more details: http://online.itu.edu.pk/
 Muhammad Afnan Ansari (PhD Student-Dept. of Electrical Engineering) has published his research paper, ‘Breaking polarisation-bandwidth trade-off in dielectric metasurface for unpolarised white light’ in Nanophotonics journal. The journal covers recent and novel international research results, specific developments and belongs to the top journals in the field (Impact Factor = 7.1). 
Vice Chancellor, Information Technology University, Prof. Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhter (SI), participated in a virtual meeting of the Vice Chancellors’ forum. The forum consists of all Vice Chancellors from public as well as private sector universities of Pakistan. The forum discussed matters related to provision of online classes, teaching methodology and assessments for learning outcomes. It was highlighted that ITU’s state-of-art technological services and prowess is significant in order to provide access to online courses for students during the current closure period due to COVID-19 Pandemic. ITU’s extensive experience and cutting edge technology can lead the way for a new and advanced landscape of online educational services for students during the current closure period. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Vice Chancellor of ITU, Prof. Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar (SI), participated in the meeting of Vice Chancellors’ forum earlier. The mandate of the forum is to formulate policy and oversee matters related to provision of online courses, teaching methodology and assessments for learning outcomes during the closure period. Dr. Niaz Ahmad gave his valuable input and highlighted ITU’s significant experience and services important for the required policy during the current closure period due to COVID-19 Pandemic. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syed Yasir Abbass
Conference Paper authored by Dr. Arif Mahmood, Associate Professor Faculty of Computer Science, has been accepted for presentation at 2020 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium. It is titled 'Ocean Color Net (OCN) for the Barents Sea'. It is regarding monitoring of ocean color using satellite images for the purpose of environmental monitoring and control. This work has been done in collaboration with Arctic University of Norway. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran

Coronavirus Alert: A Public Service Message by ITU
Update for Faculty Members and Non-Teaching Staff:  As notified earlier, ITU will remain closed till April 5, 2020 for all students' activities. All scheduled programs and functions have been postponed till the mentioned date.  All mid-term exams scheduled between March 16 to April 5  have also been postponed; next date to be announced soon. However, the members of faculty and non-teaching staff will continue to attend to their office duties as per their normal working timings.
 It is to notify that Information Technology University will remain CLOSED for all academic activities for three weeks: Saturday, March 14 – Sunday, April 05, 2020. The latest decision comes as per the notification by Government of the Punjab regarding closure of educational institutions due to Corona virus (COVID-19) outbreak. The academic activities will RESUME from Monday, April 06, 2020.
 Members of the delegation apprised honorable minister on various milestones achieved during the ongoing PM’s Kamyab Jawan Program. Information Technology University was represented by ITU Registrar Mr. Zaheer Sarwar. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
 Wishing our ITU Family health and authentic information!
 SSC is a collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy. 
 Lamprò Mèllon is organizing a Recruitment Drive for Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, and Computer Science graduates at Information Technology University (ITU) for its March/April 2020 Cycle. This is a unique opportunity for graduates in Pakistan to be part of the global semiconductor revolution driven by RISC-V !... Thursday, March 12, 2020 | 05: 30 PM | 6th Floor Auditorium Lamprò Mèllon is a recruitment firm that has signed placement and recruitment agreements with leading engineering firms in Pakistan and around the world. LM offers a 3-6-month Train-to-Recruit program focused on SoC Design, VLSI, and RISC-V architecture; supplemented by Project Management and Communication courses to transform graduates into expert design engineers, equipped with relevant global workplace and management skills. If you are an ITU Alumni and want to attend, kindly use your ITU email address to register for the event at:  https://forms.gle/bu58SyJB1zgWQePf6 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @Tauseef Tauqeer @Rehan Hafiz Muhammad Suleman
Under the ongoing awareness campaign to combat Corona Virus, volunteers and admin officials shared pamphlets today among ITU students. The drive is meant to highlight preventive measures and important information regarding Corona Virus outbreak.  #coronavirus #covid19 #Pakistan  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
MIT Climate Action Simulation Game at ITU:  Masters students of Development Studies experienced what it is like to negotiate a climate deal to address one of the greatest human and environmental challenges of this century. It was made possible through Climate Action Simulation (a highly interactive, role-playing game) supervised and facilitated by Ms. Maha Kamal.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/maha-kamal/ The Climate Action Simulation Game uses En-ROADS simulation model to engage a wide range of participants in exploring key technology and policy solutions for addressing climate change. 
Faculty of Business and Management earlier hosted a guest lecture by Mr. Syed Aftab Gilani for the ongoing course on ‘Industrial Relations’ being taught by Ms. Anam Rahman Khan.  Mr. Gilani is currently working as Joint Director at Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). In the past, he has also worked as Principal Staff Officer to Advisor to the PM.   During his lecture, he talked about CAA; PIA trade unions and their impact on Pakistan’s aviation sector; and the state of economy in general.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/anam-rahman-khan/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
We welcome Dr. Sara Khawar as Assistant Professor, Faculty of Business and Management at Information Technology University. Dr. Sara Khawar has gained PhD in Management Studies (Entrepreneurship) from Exeter Business School, University of Exeter, United Kingdom. Prior to that, she completed MSc. in International Management (Entrepreneurship and Innovation) with Distinction from Exeter Business School, University of Exeter, UK.  She also has an extensive experience in teaching Entrepreneurship as Visiting Faculty for the Executive MBA Program at ITU. Previously, she has also designed and conducted Workshops on ‘Social Networks, Entrepreneurship and Creativity’ and ‘Knowledge Creating Organizations’ at the Exeter Business School. 
Intellectual Property Rights, including patents, gives legal protection to scholarly research work like scientific invention. Within this context, QEC @ ITU is arranging a seminar on this subject.  Our visiting speaker will be Ms. Shakra Khurshid. Currently she is working as an Assistant Director Patents, Intellectual Property Office (IPO), Government of Pakistan. At the seminar, she will give presentation on patent filing and registration in Pakistan. The lecture will focus on Patent and Patent systems, Patents ordinance of Pakistan 2000, patent life and expiry, patentable inventions in Pakistan, invention novelty, types of patent applications, and necessary procedures applicable in Pakistan. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
Information Technology University of the Punjab (ITU) and National Vocational and Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) earlier joined hands, cementing their mutual support to achieve their goal and objectives to promote Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET) in Pakistan.  ITU and NAVTTC will train 1200 youth persons offering high-tech courses in following trades:  a) -Advance Python Programming & Applications b) -Artificial Intelligence (Robotics)... c) -Certificate in Cyber Security  d) -Certificate in IT (CIT) (Web Graphics & Mobile App Development)  e) -Cloud Computing  f) -Data Science (Data Engineering, Data Mining)  g) -Digital Marketing and Search Engine Optimization (SEO)  h) -Game Development and Modeling i) -Natural Language Processing  j) -Trading Financial Markets These courses span over 3-6 months. It is one-of-its-kind opportunity for young students to acquire new skills and utilize their training to make a mark in the job market.   Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting short course on ‘Public Speaking: Communication Skills and Personality Development’ to be taught by Malik Asad Awan.  Malik Asad Awan’s vast experience for over two decades at national and international platforms offers a unique opportunity to prospective students to polish their communication skills. Mr. Awan is currently an instructor at Pakistan Judicial Academy. He also trains CSS officers. Only limited seats ...are available in this course! 
ITU delegation celebrated International Women’s Day 2020 on March 8 at the event organized by Women Development Department, Govt. of the Punjab.  This year the International Women’s Day theme was “I am Generation Equality: Realising Women’s Rights”.    Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Deadline Extended for Admissions in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). New deadline is April 17, 2020.  Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 ITU salutes you, today and forever! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Syeda Amna Hassan Maham Ashfaq Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Samira Khan Shagufha Rathore Sana Khalid
Professional Development Center at ITU hosted an engaging session on ‘Public Speaking: Communication Skills and Personality Development’ today. The session was led by Mr. Malik Asad Awan (Transformational Speaker/Human Potential Trainer).  The introductory session is a prelude to an upcoming short course to be offered by PDC.  Catch some glimpses here.  For short course, please visit: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Center for Digital Humanities (CeDH) at ITU:  The year 2020 has begun with an exciting new launch of the Center for Digital Humanities that will offer cutting edge courses and modules. This CeDH will also house a Disruptive Innovation Lab (DIL) - the first of its kind in Pakistan. The Lab will focus on conducting workshops, short courses and seminars throughout the year. The first workshop earmarked for this Spring semester is "Introduction to Disruptive Thinking: from CISCO ...to UBISOFT". 
 Join us for a free Master class on ‘Public Speaking: Communication Skills and Personality Development’ arranged by Professional Development Center. ... It aims to reduce anxiety while raising proficiency in public speaking.  The grit, discipline, and determination to punch your fears of public speaking in the face once and for all!
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Director ITU FinTech Center. Ms. Lubna Razaq writes for MIT Technology Review Pakistan on 'Women’s financial inclusion in Pakistan'.  ". . . we propose a human-centered approach to increase Pakistani women’s financial inclusion – focusing on understanding, building and designing for target users. Understanding users means understanding their environments and working with available affordances. In the case of Pakistani women, this can be done by exploring three main dimensions... of financial inclusion: technological, social and financial." Ms. Lubna Razaq is Director ITU FinTech Center, a FinTech enthusiast and researcher curious about solutions to DFS adoption challenges in Pakistan. #FinancialInclusion #GenderedPerspectives #Pakistan #WomeninTech Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi http://www.technologyreview.pk/womens-financial-inclusion-…/
Safer Society for Children, a child sexual abuse prevention program housed at Information Technology University, earlier successfully held a two-day conference to discuss policies and methods to tackle the problem in Pakistan. Several academics presented papers on diverse aspects of the issue, ranging from preventing abuse in special needs children, corporal punishment, digital citizenship, and public health policy. The event gathered participants from multiple organizations ...and government departments, including the Child Protection and Welfare Bureau, and the education department.   For FREE online course and more info: http://ssc.itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Congratulations to Ms. Syeda Amna Hassan, who has just been selected as a 2020 National Geographic Explorer, to study the human cost of high altitude snow avalanches and glacial lake outburst floods in Northern Pakistan.  Ms. Hassan and Mr. Bukhari are teaching fellows at the School of Hum...anities and Social Sciences, and Project Coordinators for a child sexual abuse prevention program titled Safer Society for Children (SSC). Ms. Riaz is SSC’s resident Monitoring and Evaluation Expert.  For more on SSC, visit ssc.itu.edu.pk. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari
Worthy Vice Chancellor ITU Prof. Dr. NIaz Ahmad Akhtar (SI) highlights University Sports Leagues 2020. The mega event consists of seven leagues across 59 universities of the Punjab featuring ten sports in total.  See: https://usl.hed.punjab.gov.pk/
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Safer Society for Children (SSC), collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy, successfully organized a conference centered around Child Sexual Abuse (CSA) Prevention. Stakeholders and academics across different professions and specializations came together to contribute to policy, research and practice involving CSA. #SSC2020 See:http://ssc.itu.edu.pk/... Catch glimpses from Day2 here.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari

Safer Society for Children, a child sexual abuse prevention program housed at Information Technology University, held a conference to discuss policies and methods to tackle the problem in Pakistan. Several academics presented papers on diverse aspects of the issue, ranging from preventing abuse in special needs children, corporal punishment, digital citizenship, and public health policy. These riveting and informative talks were followed by spirited discussion amongst members of the audience. The event gathered participants from multiple organizations and government departments, including the Child Protection and Welfare Bureau, and the education department.   Day 1 concludes successfully! #SSC2020 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari
Safer Society for Children, a child sexual abuse prevention program housed at Information Technology University, held a conference to discuss policies and methods to tackle the problem in Pakistan.  Several academics presented papers on diverse aspects of the issue, ranging from preventing abuse in special needs children, corporal punishment, digital citizenship, and public health policy. These riveting and informative talks were followed by spirited discussion amongst members of the audience. The event gathered participants from multiple organizations and government departments, including the Child Protection and Welfare Bureau, and the education department.   #SSC2020 Catch a few glimpses here:  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari
 Safer Society for Children (SSC) is a collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy. The conference centered around Child Sexual Abuse (CSA) Prevention. It will serve as a platform for stakeholders and academics across different professions and specializations to come together and contribute to policy, research and practice involving CSA. ... #SSC2020 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari
AWS Cloud Computing & Core Services workshop was successfully conducted by ADDO AI in collaboration with AWS & ITU.  Honorable guest speaker, Mr. Asif Abbasi, who is an AWS certified Senior Specialist Solution Architect and a published author on Big Data Technologies, conducted sessions on cloud infrastructure, data analytics and machine learning.  They were followed by a session on hybrid cloud and its use cases in the local industry such as cloud migration, disaster recover...y and datacenter extension. It was led by AVP, Customer Engineering, Mr. Usman Bukhari.  Lastly, Dr. Faisal Kamiran, President ADDO AI, concluded the workshop through an engaging Q & A session, highlighting the expertise of the organization in artificial intelligence and data engineering. The goal of the workshop was to interact with business IT heads and talk to them about how data analytics and the adoption of cloud could be turned into valuable corporate assets. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Sana Khalid
Admission Office at ITU hosted a delegation consisting of students and teachers from Crescent Model Higher Secondary School.  Admissions team briefed visiting delegates about various academic programs and research facilities available at ITU. Students also visited research laboratories and ITU Library.   They are currently enrolled in Intermediate (Part 2) at Crescent Model Higher Secondary School.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Vice Chancellor ITU Prof. Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar appreciates government’s initiative to impart practical skills in young students through Kamyab Jawan_Hunarmand Pakistan Program. He highlights ITU’s distinctive role in the field of IT in Pakistan.
Safer Society for Children (SSC), collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy, is organizing a conference centered on Child Sexual Abuse (CSA) Prevention. Dr. Naeem Aftab (Psychiatrist) Mr. Asim Amjad (Art Therapist & Psychodramatist) Ms. Redha Khalid (Clinical Psychologist) Ms. Tehreem Mahmood (Moderator; Child Protection Specialist, SSC) Date: February 29th, 2020 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari
Safer Society for Children (SSC), collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy, is organizing a conference centered on Child Sexual Abuse (CSA) Prevention. Panel Title: National & Regional Efforts in Detecting, Reporting & Combatting CSA Panel Guests:... Advocate Atif Adnan Khan (Regional Legal Aid Coordinator, Sahil) Dr. Naeem Zafar (President, PAHCHAAN) Dr. Izza Aftab (Moderator; Program Director, SSC; Chairperson Economics Department, ITU) Date: February 29th, 2020 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari
Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 tomorrow at 2:30 PM and listen to Dr. Yaqoob Bangash in conversation with RJ Seemal Bilal in the show called 'Sham se Pehly'. Dr. Bangash is Director Centre for Governance and Policy at ITU and a Historian of Modern South Asia.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash ITU Centre for Governance and Policy ITU FM 90.4
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Safer Society for Children (SSC), collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy, is organizing a conference centered on Child Sexual Abuse (CSA) Prevention. Panel Guests:... Dr. Izza Aftab (Program Director, SSC; Chairperson Economics Department, ITU) Mr. Hassan Bukhari (Project Coordinator, SSC; Teaching Fellow, ITU) Ms. Syeda Amna Hassan (Project Coordinator, SSC; Teaching Fellow, ITU) Mr. Muddasar Akhter (Expert Trainer) Mr. Jawwad Bukhari (Expert Trainer) Ms. Haiqa Nasir (Expert Trainer) Ms. Khadeja Tahir (Expert Trainer)
ITU Centre for Governance and Policy organized a guest lecture on 'Hindutva and History' by Professor Audrey Truschke from Rutgers University. Professor Truschke is a specialist on early modern South Asia and has recently written an acclaimed book on Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb which challenges received wisdom on him. She regularly speaks and writes on the rise of Hinudtva and Indian affairs on several news media. Catch from the talk here.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
Safer Society for Children (SSC), collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy, is organizing a conference centered around Child Sexual Abuse (CSA) Prevention. Complete Program Schedule for Feb 28 (Day 1) and Feb 29 (Day 2) is OUT now!  Attendance is free. Registration is mandatory. Please register at the following link, latest by Feb 26th, 2020. https://tinyurl.com/regm46l... For more information on SSC and the conference, please visit: www.ssc.itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari
Launching ceremony of Prime Minister’s Hunarmand Pakistan Programme was successfully held earlier at Information Technology University. Honorable Federal Minister for Education and Professional Training Mr. Shafqat Mahmood formally launched the program. He congratulated ITU on taking the lead in the field of IT in Pakistan and recognized the role of university as the ‘Center of Excellence’.  Worthy Vice Chancellor ITU, Prof. Dr. Niaz Akhtar (SI), Chairman TEVTA Punjab Mr. Ali Salman, Chairman PITB Mr. Azfar Manzoor, Chairman PHEC Prof. Dr. Fazal Ahmad Khalid and DG NAVTTC Mr. Rana Muhammad Saleem Afzal also graced the occasion. See: https://itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Safer Society for Children (SSC), a collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy, is organizing a conference centered around Child Sexual Abuse (CSA) Prevention. The conference will serve as a platform for stakeholders and academics across different professions and specializations to come together and contribute to policy, research and practice involving CSA.  Attendance is free. Registration is mandatory.... Please register at the following link, latest by Feb 26th, 2020. https://tinyurl.com/regm46l #SSC2020
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Classes for short courses under the ongoing Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Programme were held today.  During the orientation session, students learned about research and other facilities at ITU.  For information about class timings, students are advised to visit ITU website: https://itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Sundus Khan
Safer Society for Children (SSC), collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy, is organizing a conference centered on Child Sexual Abuse (CSA). The conference will serve as a platform for stakeholders and academics across different professions and specializations to come together and contribute to policy, research and practice involving CSA. Panel Guests: Dr. Elinam Dellor (Senior Researcher, The Ohio State University) Dr. Nichole Michaels (Adjunct Assistant Professor, The Ohio State University) Moderator: Ms. Syeda Amna Hassan (Teaching Fellow, ITU) Date: 29th February, 2020 Attendance is free. Registration is mandatory. Please register at the following link, latest by Feb 26th, 2020. https://tinyurl.com/regm46l
 We are proud to share that IEEE ITU Student Branch has been awarded the second-best Student Branch in the IEEE Lahore section.  Credit is due to hard work and expertise of our motivated student body and Branch Counsellor. We congratulate them on this remarkable achievement and wish them more success in future. ... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @Usman Younis
Safer Society for Children (SSC), collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy, is organizing a conference centered on Child Sexual Abuse (CSA). The conference will serve as a platform for stakeholders and academics across different professions and specializations to come together and contribute to policy, research and practice involving CSA. Panel Title: 'Child Stunting in Pakistan' Panel Guests:... Dr. Haseeb Ahmed (Assistant Professor, ITU) Dr. Agha A. Akram (Assistant Professor, LUMS) Dr. Hina Khalid (Assistant Professor, ITU) Dr. Naeem Majeed (Public Health Expert) Moderator: Ms. Maha Kamal (Teaching Fellow, ITU) Date: 29th February, 2020 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari
Launching ceremony of Prime Minister’s Hunarmand Pakistan Programme was successfully held at Information Technology University today. Chief Guest on the occasion, Honorable Federal Minister for Education and Professional Training, Mr. Shafqat Mahmood formally launched the program. He congratulated ITU on taking the lead in the field of IT in Pakistan and recognized the role of university as the ‘Center of Excellence’.  Worthy Vice Chancellor ITU, Prof. Dr. Niaz Akhtar (SI), during his address, invited young students to benefit from government’s initiative.  Chairman TEVTA Punjab Mr. Ali Salman, Chairman PITB Mr. Azfar Manzoor, Chairman PHEC Prof. Dr. Fazal Ahmad Khalid and DG NAVTTC Mr. Rana Muhammad Saleem Afzal also graced the occasion.
Launching ceremony of Prime Minister’s Hunarmand Pakistan Programme was successfully held at Information Technology University today. Chief Guest on the occasion, Honorable Federal Minister for Education and Professional Training, Mr. Shafqat Mahmood formally launched the program. During his address, he stressed that besides theoretical knowledge, technical skills especially in Information Technology held key importance in today’s competitive world. He appreciated tremendous ...interest of youth shown in hi-tech/hi-end courses offered under the banner of Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Programme. He congratulated ITU on taking the lead in the field of IT in Pakistan and recognized the role of university as the ‘Center of Excellence’.  Worthy Vice Chancellor ITU, Prof. Dr. Niaz Akhtar (SI), during his address, invited young students to benefit from government’s initiative. He said that students would acquire technical skills and make their mark by competing not only in Pakistan but also at the global level. He highlighted ITU’s focus on research and the role of its faculty in decreasing gaps between theoretical knowledge and practical problems.  Chairman TEVTA Punjab Mr. Ali Salman, Chairman PITB Mr. Azfar Manzoor, Chairman PHEC Prof. Dr. Fazal Ahmad Khalid and DG NAVTTC Mr. Rana Muhammad Saleem Afzal also graced the occasion. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Faisal Kamran
If you ever wanted to learn about how cloud computing can transform your business, look no further! Amazon Web Services (AWS) and ITU in collaboration with ADDO AI bring to you the much awaited AWS Cloud Computing & Core Services. A specialist AWS Solution Architect and a published author on Big Data technologies will be leading the interactive workshop on how: - Your data can be turned into a valuable corporate asset by allowing your business units to get operational insight...s faster and at lower costs - You can unlock efficiencies and operational benefits, that you never knew were possible, by migrating to the AWS cloud Location: Lahore We have limited seating, so hurry up and reserve your spot by emailing us at: haideriqbal@addo.ai Note: This workshop is invite-only and meant for IT decision-makers such as CIOs, CTOs and IT Heads  #ml #bigdata #aws #cloudcomputing #cloud Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran

 - Presentations of selected academic papers - Launch of the Safer Society for Children Online Course! - Panels with child protection experts and other stakeholders Register at the following link latest by Feb 26.  https://tinyurl.com/regm46l Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari
Worthy Minister Higher Education Punjab Mr. Yassir Humayun paid a visit to Information Technology University. He addressed visiting students from Myer's College Chakwal. Registrar ITU Mr. Zaheer Sarwar accompanied our worthy guests during the visit in which Mr. Yassir Humayun also visited state-of-the-art research laboratories available on campus. He apprised the minister about new initiatives being taken at ITU along with MIT Tech Review of which ITU is the sole licensee in Pakistan.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi MIT Technology Review Pakistan
Information Technology University organized South Asia Spring Tour 2020 in collaboration with United States Education Foundation Pakistan (USEFP). In this information session on Education in USA, 3 American University Representatives represented Western New England University, New York Institute of Technology and University of Houston - Victoria. They shared their school profiles, admission details, scholarship and financial aid opportunities and the subjects they offer. ITU students keenly participated in the Q&A session followed by the information session.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid
Professional Development Center at ITU hosted an orientation session on its professional short courses. Members of faculty and students participated in the orientation session.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
 Professional Development Center is looking for enthusiastic interns to assist its ongoing short courses program at ITU. Successful applicants will get to gain firsthand professional experience in a highly competitive environment in several areas including interdepartmental coordination, communication, social media and others.  The most exciting opportunity for our interns will be to gain new skill...s via one of our professional short courses being offered by PDC. Upon successful completion, they will also receive internship certificate in recognition of their work.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Faculty of Business and Management hosted a guest lecture by Mr. Nauman Khokhar titled 'Business & Technology'. Mr. Nauman Khokhar has been working as a part of a tech startup and has recently started working as a co-manager of Google Developer Group Cloud community. He has been an Acumen fellow (2017) and has also been a part of judging panels for various entrepreneurial competitions in Lahore. During the lecture, Mr. Khokhar majorly focused on how technology has overhauled the dynamics of modern day businesses and what could be the cost paid for a technologically deficient business model. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Tahira Chaudhary
 Professional Development Center at ITU is offering a short course on ‘Microsoft Excel: Essentials for Business Analysis’ to be taught by Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam. Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam holds Master’s degree (MS.c-Business Analytics) from Imperial College London (2016-2017) before which he was at LUMS where he completed his undergraduate honors degree (B.Sc. Honors Accounting and Finance). Please visit our website for registration and further details: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
On World Radio Day, ITU FM 90.4 held a meet-and-greet session in which renowned radio broadcasters sat together and talked about evolution and impact of FM Radio.  Hosted by RJ Seemal Bilal, the session featured RJ Fatima Gohar, RJ VD Waheed Rasool, RJ Ayesha Malik and RJ Bilawal Adeeb.  Catch some glimpses from the interactive session:  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi ITU FM 90.4 Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
Our finest debaters, Naveed Ahmed and Arham Javed from ITU Voice Society, earlier represented Information Technology University at all-Pakistan Trilingual Declamation Competition named DARBAR 2020. Held in Institute of Southern Punjab Multan, the competition was organized by South Punjab Art Society in collaboration with National Innovative Youth Organization.  Naveed Ahmed competed in Urdu humorous category while Arham Javed in English serious category. Both speakers were pi...tted against eloquent speakers from all over the country.  After scintillating speeches from speakers, Naveed Ahmed proudly secured second position in Urdu humorous category and also secured the overall consolation prize while Arham Javed was declared third best speaker in English serious category. Worthy Vice Chancellor ITU Prof. Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar (Sitara-e-Imtiaz) recognized and appreciated Naveed Ahmed and Arham Javed for their tremendous achievements and making ITU proud at the all-Pakistan Trilingual Declamation Competition.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Naveed Ahmed Mayo Arham Javed
 Professional Development Center at ITU is offering a short course on ‘Microsoft Excel: Essentials for Business Analysis’ to be taught by Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam.  Mr. Ahmad Bilal Aslam holds Master’s degree (MS.c-Business Analytics) from Imperial College London (2016-2017) before which he was at LUMS where he completed his undergraduate honors degree (B.Sc. Honors Accounting and Finance). Please visit our website for registration and further details: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Faculty of Business and Management Sciences hosted a guest lecture titled “Building Beautiful Minds for Future Leaders” under the banner of Creative Management Workshops by Mr. Nasser Aziz.  Nasser obtained his Master’s degree in management from Yale University. He has taught as a faculty member at Lahore University of Management Sciences and currently is part of their adjunct faculty. He specializes in designing and conducting customized training programs for organizations l...ike Lahore University of Management Sciences, NUST, National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES/FAST), COMSAT, Pakistan Administrative Staff College, National Institute of Public Administration, Joint Services Staff College, Navy War College, Kapco, Engro, Nestle, Unilever, Abbott, Glaxo SmithKline & Beecham, Techlogix Pakistan, Shell, Indus Motors, Mobilink, FMC Pakistan, Pakistan cricket team and National Cricket Academy.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @Tahira Chaudhary
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering a range of short courses. Deadline for registration is February 15, 2020.  Apply now: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
DEADLINE for registration in short courses by Professional Development Center has been EXTENDED. Prospective applicants can register by February 15, 2020. Visit our website: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Pakistan's famous Ustad Rafaqat Ali Khan of the legendary "sham chaurasia gharana" was our honorable guest today at ITU FM90.4's show 'Sham se Pehly'.  He mesmerized our live audience with his scintillating performances and shared his experiences as well.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi ITU FM 90.4
Get to meet Pakistan's famous Ustad Rafaqat Ali Khan of the legendary "sham chaurasia gharana" and enjoy his amazing live singing in the show 'Sham se Pehly' today at 2:30 PM only on ITU FM 90.4! Don't forget to tune in! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi ITU FM 90.4 Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 A poignant and highly moving short film by ITU team hereunder captures the deplorable state of persecution, rights abuse and atrocities meted out on innocent but resilient people of Kashmir.  (This short film is ITU’s entry for the competition organized by Higher Education Commission of Pakistan in solidarity with Kashmiri people) Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi @Muhammad Hadi
Government College University (GCU) Lahore earlier hosted the Trophy Unveiling Ceremony of Universities Sports Leagues 2019-2020 presented by Higher Education Department Punjab.  On it part, Information Technology University has extended its support and professional services to HED in making USLs a huge success. ITU’s dedicated teams have successfully executed USL’s social media campaign, design, marketing, website, live coverage with photography, FM 90.4 radio, and live sessions on social media. Watch highlights from Trophy Unveiling Ceremony here:  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi University Sports Leagues


Catch glimpses from the Opening Ceremony of University Sports Leagues 2019-2020 held earlier at Punjab Football Stadium in Lahore. Honorable Chief Guest of the ceremony, Chief Minister Punjab Mr. Usman Buzdar, formally announced opening of the mega sports festival envisioned by Higher Education Department Punjab. Information Technology University has extended its support and professional services to HED in making USLs a huge success. ITU’s dedicated teams have successfully executed USL’s social media campaign, design, marketing, website, live coverage with photography, FM 90.4 radio, and live sessions on social media.
 Safer Society for Children (SSC), a collaboration between ITU’s School of Humanities and Social Sciences & the U.S Embassy, is organizing a conference centered around Child Sexual Abuse (CSA) to be held in Lahore, Pakistan from February 28th to March 1st, 2020. The conference will serve as a platform for stakeholders and academics across different professions and specializations to come together and contribute to policy, research and practice involving CSA. 
Center For Social Justice in collaboration with ITU conducts seminar on "Citizenship Rights in the Mirror of Fundamental Human Rights" for the project “Advocacy for Religious Freedom in Pakistan”. Attendees of the seminar included lawyers, journalists, activists, educationists and opinion makers in general.  #ReligiousFreedom #RightToWorship #MinorityRights #PeoplesCommission #PersonalLaws #MinorityRights #PCMR #CSJ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Centre For Social Justice
DEADLINE for registration in short courses by Professional Development Center has been EXTENDED. Prospective applicants can register by February 8, 2020.  Visit our website: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
#HappeningNow ITU Markhor Warriors are all set to win big at the mega sports festival: University Sports Leagues 2020.  #OpeningCeremony #USL #HED
ITU Markhor Warriors are all geared up to win big at the mega sports festival by Higher Education Department: University Sports Leagues 2020.  Wish you all the best our champions!  #USL #ITU #HED #OpeningCeremony
Applicants for courses under Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Program appear for interview today at Information Technology University. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Faisal Kamran
Centre for Social Justice, for the project “Advocacy for Religious Freedom in Pakistan” conducted a Seminar on "Citizenship Rights in the Mirror of Fundamental Human Rights" in collaboration with Information Technology University, Lahore. Attendees of the seminar included lawyers, journalists, activists, educationists and opinion makers. Catch glimpses from the seminar.  #ReligiousFreedom #RightToWorship #MinorityRights #PeoplesCommission #PersonalLaws #MinorityRights #PCMR #CSJ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Centre For Social Justice
A four-member delegation from Shikoku IT Cooperative Japan visited Information Technology University as part of their efforts to explore investment opportunities in Pakistan in Information Technology (IT) sector. Catch a glimpse from delegates’ meeting with Dr. Faisal Kamran from Computer Science department. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
All cheers and best luck to ITU sportspersons!  Our players are all geared to participate across various sporting contests in the upcoming Universities Sports Leagues 2020 organized by Higher Education Department Punjab.  #USL #HED #ITU  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi University Sports Leagues
Honorable Minister Higher Education Punjab, Mr. Yassir Humayun, highlights his comprehensive vision of revolutionizing the culture of sports across universities in the Punjab province with specially allocated budget, trainings, scholarships along with a promise to expand across colleges as well in the future.  Information Technology University extended its wholehearted support to HED in making USLs a huge success. A dedicated team successfully executed the social media campaign, design, marketing, website, live coverage with photography and live session on social media. See:https://usl.hed.punjab.gov.pk/ #USL #HED #Punjab
University Sports Leagues 2020 by Higher Education Department kicks off with trophies unveiling at GCU Lahore. Information Technology University collaborated with and extended its wholehearted support to HED in making USLs a huge success. A dedicated team successfully executed the social media campaign, design, marketing, website, live coverage with photography and live session on social media.   Visit our website: https://usl.hed.punjab.gov.pk/ #USL #HED #Punjab https://www....dawn.com/news/1531069 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi University of the Punjab Raja Yassir Humayun Sarfraz University Sports Leagues
A stars-studded trophy unveiling ceremony of the second edition of University Sports Leagues was held at GCU Lahore. Conceptualized and executed by Higher Education Department Punjab, USLs 2020 provide a unique platform to young players across 59 universities to come forward and showcase their exceptional sporting talents. HED has also placed generous scholarships, awards, cash prizes and foreign trainings in order to encourage the players.  At Trophy Unveiling, Punjab Minist...er for Higher Education Mr. Yassir Humayun laid out his vision behind USLs. He stressed that all out government support shall be made available to young and talented sportspersons unlike in the past. He took pride in announcing that USLs are now institutionalized as part of the annual calendar of the academic year by Higher Education Department wherein male and female players will benefit from this opportunity alike. The ceremony was well attended by Pakistan’s sports legends including Saeed Ajmal (Former Test Cricketer/Pride of Performance), Sami Ullah (Olympian/Pride of Performance), Rabia Ashiq (First Olympian Athlete), Kashif Razzaq (International Player/Former Pakistan Captain), Shabana Akhtar (First Olympian Athlete) among others. Information Technology University extended its wholehearted support to HED in making USLs a huge success. A dedicated team successfully executed the social media campaign, design, marketing, website, live coverage with photography and live session on social media.  
 The seminar includes three sessions:  The first session is on “The Scope of Citizenship in International Law (Law related to refugees, displaced persons and Geneva Convention)” by Mr. Wajahat Masood and Mr. Usama Malik.  The second session is on “International Migration; Crisis and Response” by Mr. Khalid Ahmed and Mr. Asad Jamal. ... The last session is on “The politics of Exclusion, Land and Population” by Dr. Taimur Rehman.  The seminar will conclude on a Q&A session by Mr. Peter Jacob.  Don’t miss out on a lively discussion. Join us tomorrow at ITU at 2:30PM.  #ReligiousFreedom #RightToWorship #MinorityRights #PeoplesCommission #PersonalLaws #MinorityRights #PCMR #CSJ  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Yaqoob Bangash Centre For Social Justice
Member National Steering Committee (NSC) Mr. Ali Iqbal along with the secretariat staff of National Center in Big Data and Cloud Computing (NCBC), Mr. Hafiz Muhammad Asim & Muhammad Saad, earlier visited ITU.  During their visit, they were briefed on the progress of NCBC labs in detail. Dr. Saeed Ul Hasan, Dr. Agha Ali and Dr. Mudassir made presentations before the visiting guests and also accompanied them during their visits to NCBC labs at ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Saeed Ul Hassan
Colors of ITU from the second convocation ceremony!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
Prime Minister's Kamyab Jawan Program: ITU in collaboration with National Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) is offering a range of FREE high-tech training courses. Register now: https://navttc.kamyabjawan.gov.pk/frmCandidateregistration.… See: https://itu.edu.pk/kamyabjawan/... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Kamyab Jawan Programme
Take a FREE course on Artificial Intelligence by Ms. Saher Sajid. Saher is a commonwealth scholar, working as a Machine Learning Engineer at ADDO AI. She is a computer engineer by profession and is passionate about all things Computer Science. She has designed and delivered an Introduction to Python course for Parvaaz, an initiative of ADDO.AI aiming to provide hands on training to learners, students and professionals alike. She has done M.Sc. Artificial Intelligence (with Distinction) from Queen Mary University of London. The course falls under the Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Program.  Register now: https://navttc.kamyabjawan.gov.pk/frmCandidateregistration.… See: https://itu.edu.pk/kamyabjawan/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Kamyab Jawan Programme Faisal Kamran ADDO AI
Director General of National Vocational &Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC), Mr. Rana Muhammad Saleem Afzal, today visited Information Technology University (ITU) with reference to the upcoming skills development courses to be offered by ITU in collaboration with NAVTTC. He appreciated the efforts of the ITU team for its successful registration drive towards Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Program. The NAVTTC team also visited ITU facilities including Computer Labs and Library. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan National Vocational and Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) Kamyab Jawan Programme Faisal Kamran
 In order to participate in the Youth Entrepreneurship Camp please fill the form in the link below: https://forms.gle/9aap2NKwhcA8YWYL8 The deadline for applications is 31st January. Please note that the age limit to apply for this program is 18-26 years. We have limited seats and only 25 respondents will be selected to attend the workshop after a Skype/phone interview. Only apply if you are committed to attend full two days program. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Prime Minister's Kamyab Jawan Program: ITU in collaboration with National Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) is offering a range of FREE high-tech training courses. Register now: https://navttc.kamyabjawan.gov.pk/frmCandidateregistration.… See: https://itu.edu.pk/kamyabjawan/... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Kamyab Jawan Programme
Proud Pakistani athlete Rabia Ashiq was our honorable guest with ITU FM90.4 today. She shared her experiences, challenges and achievements. She is a distinguished Pakistani track and field athlete who represented the country at the Summer Olympics 2012 in London.  In May 2012, she created a new national record for 500 meters at the National Athletics Championships in Islamabad. In 2012 the Olympics committee selected her as a wild card entry. She believes that the experience of representing Pakistan at the Olympics as female athlete was an honor. In reference with the upcoming University Sports Leagues 2020, Rabia encouraged the players to benefit from the wonderful initiative taken by HED Punjab. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi ITU FM 90.4 Rukhe Zahra Naqvi University Sports Leagues
Under the banner of Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Programme, ITU in collaboration with NAVTTC is offering a variety of courses fully funded by the government.  Register now: https://navttc.kamyabjawan.gov.pk/frmCandidateregistration.… See: https://itu.edu.pk/kamyabjawan/
Students of MS at Information Technology University create several interesting projects to devise innovative solutions to locally relevant problems.  The students created the projects as a part of "Internet of Things (IoT)" course being taught by Dr. Adnan Noor Mian.  These projects including air quality monitoring, localization, underground communication, ECG monitoring and detection of rash driving. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi IoT Lab Asif IjAaz @Mohammad Arslan Akram
Additional Secretary- Higher Education Department Govt. of Punjab- Mr. Tariq Hameed Bhatti sat down with ITU FM90.4 today and highlighted salient features of th...e upcoming mega-event on sports, University Sports Leagues 2020!  The mega event consists of seven leagues across 59 universities of the Punjab featuring ten sports in total. They include Athletics (Male/Female), Squash(M), Football(M/F), Volley Ball(M/F), Table Tennis (M/F), Hockey (M), Badminton (M/F), Basket Ball (M/F), Tennis (M) and Cricket (M/F). In total, 676 teams consisting of 7549 players will take part in 1980 matches. ITU FM90.4 will air the interview soon. Stay tuned! Visit our website: https://usl.hed.punjab.gov.pk/ ITU FM 90.4 Information Technology University
Prime Minister's Kamyab Jawan Program:  ITU in collaboration with National Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) is offering a range of FREE high-tech training courses.  Register now: https://navttc.kamyabjawan.gov.pk/frmCandidateregistration.… See: https://itu.edu.pk/kamyabjawan/... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan National Vocational and Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) Imran Khan (official) Kamyab Jawan Programme
 Keeping with the tradition of organizing sporting events among university students across the province, Higher Education ...Department of the Government of Punjab brings to you the latest edition of University Sports Leagues 2020.  USLs consists of seven leagues across 59 universities of the Punjab featuring ten sports in total. They include Athletics (Male/Female), Squash(M), Football(M/F), Volley Ball(M/F), Table Tennis (M/F), Hockey (M), Badminton (M/F), Basket Ball (M/F), Tennis (M) and Cricket (M/F). In total, 676 teams consisting of 7549 players will take part in 1980 matches.  Higher Education Department, Govt. of the Punjab, Pakistan
ITU in collaboration with National Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) is offering FREE training courses in following subjects.  Register now: https://navttc.kamyabjawan.gov.pk/frmCandidateregistration.… See: https://itu.edu.pk/kamyabjawan/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan National Vocational and Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC)
Dr. Mizna Arif shares how her enriching EMBITE experience at ITU complemented her healthcare career.  Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Learn. Create. Innovate.... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
IEEE ITU Student Branch is arranging a session on "Structuring and Processing Data into Elastic Search" by Muhammad Salman Sarwar.  Jan 21, 2020 5:30 PM – 7:30 PM See:https://www.facebook.com/events/2425393254457942/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi



Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 The latest edition of Afkar e Taza ThinkFest 2020 earlier concluded successfully in Lahore wherein the festival provided an exciting opportunity to scholars, authors, artists, politicians, professionals and overwhelming number of students to co...me together and share their knowledge and experience. 

#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM90.4 now and listen to Dr. Sarah Qureshi.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi ITU FM 90.4
 ITU in collaboration with National Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) is all set to offer several training courses for FREE (funded by the Government of Pakistan) under the banner of Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Programme. Enhance your skills and acquire new talents! Deadline: January 24, 2020

ITU in collaboration with National Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) is all set to offer several training courses for FREE (funded by the Government of Pakistan) under the banner of Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Program. Enhance your skills and acquire new talents! Deadline: January 24, 2020 Student Registration: https://navttc.kamyabjawan.gov.pk/frmCandidateregistration.…... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Kamyab Jawan Programme
The latest edition of Afkar e Taza ThinkFest2020 held earlier this weekend concluded successfully at Alhamra Arts Council in Lahore, Pakistan.  Our esteemed guests including authors, journalists, politicians, diplomats, poets, artists, government officials and commentators from across the world had an enriching learning and networking experience.  After completion of the two-day international festival, our honorable guests left having an enriching Pakistan experience. Here-under Sir Venki Ramakrishnan (Nobel Prize Laureate in Chemistry 2009), Sarbpreet Singh (author) and Barnett Richard Rubin (author) are pictured as goodbyes with wishes were exchanged at the Wagah Border. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Afkar e Taza ThinkFest 2020
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering short course on Professional Blogging and Content Writing.  Students will get to learn about blogs writing, digital marketing, types of content, SEO, freelancing and other themes. 
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
On this day of her death anniversary today, we at ITU remember and pay homage to Pakistan's youngest computer prodigy, Arfa Karim, with utmost pride and honor.   Besides her computer genius, today we share with you a glimpse of her versatile talent in singing. Hereunder in the video Arfa can be seen as she sings at the LUMS Olympiad held in March 2011.  In words of a former President of LUMS Music Society: "In March 2011, we organised the music related events at that year's LUMS Olympiad. There was a very talented contestant in the English singing competition. Her performance in round one was so powerful that we decided to challenge her a little and asked her to sing "Angel" by Sarah McLachlan (a very difficult song to sing). By the end, she had left us giving her a standing ovation". 
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Professional Development Center at ITU today organized a certificates distribution ceremony of its 3rd batch of short courses and the 1st batch of executive courses.  Dr. Shazib Shaikh, Dean School of Business and Management, and Ms. Hajira Kureshi, Director Admissions, graced the occasion along with instructors of the courses in attendance.  They congratulated the successful participants upon completion of the courses and wished them well in their academic and career pursuits ahead. See:https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 ITU in collaboration with Prime Minister's Kamyab Jawan Program offers a range of courses. Brush up your skills and acquire new talents benefiting from FREE courses now!   Follow these easy steps to register now for Hunarmand Pakistan program under the auspices of Prime Minister's Kamyab Jawan Program. ... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
ITU in collaboration with National Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) is all set to offer several training courses for FREE under the banner of Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Program.  Student Registration:... https://navttc.kamyabjawan.gov.pk/frmCandidateregistration.…
Mohammad Zahid Iftikhar shares his exciting experience of EMBITE at ITU.  Our unique EMBITE program offers you an exceptional opportunity to learn from world-class faculty, network with professionals and work towards reaching heights by pushing your boundaries.   Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Learn. Create. Innovate.  ... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed



Afkar e Taza ThinkFest 2020 here at Alhamra Arts Council attracts top of the line academics, professionals, journalists and artists curating an intellectual space for you to Come, Think, Question!  #AfkareTaza #ThinkFest #Lahore  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Syed Yasir Abbass Bilal H.Qureshi Afkar e Taza ThinkFest 2020
Afkar e Taza ThinkFest 2020 rolls out an exciting array of sessions on Day 1 featuring authors, politicians and commentators from a range of academic and professional backgrounds. 
Gear up and apply now for top of the line Executive MBA program in Pakistan being offered by ITU!  Here, hear from Dr. Shazib Shaikh, Dean School of Business and Management, as he touches upon some of the salient features of EMBA at ITU.  Get to know what makes ITU EMBA an enriching experience and an exceptional program that is meticulously designed for students from a diverse range of academic and professional backgrounds.      Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk #Entrepreneurs...hip #Innovation #Technology Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
As the latest edition of Afkar-e-Taza ThinkFest 2020 is set to kick off this weekend, join us for a scientific talk by Laureate of the 2009 Nobel Prize in Chemistry and President of the Royal Society, Sir Venki Ramakrishnan, on January 11 at Alhamra Arts Council on the Mall, Lahore. 
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed


Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of short courses for students and professionals. 
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Dr. Adeel Razi’s research interest is in modelling complex, multi-scale, network dynamics of brain structure and function. He uses these (dynamic causal) models to integrate empirical data from multiple modalities (e.g., functional and diffusion MRI) to investigate basic b...rain and disease mechanisms. Dr. Razi is an Australian Research Council DECRA Fellow at the Monash University. He recently established Computational and Systems Neuroscience Laboratory at the Turner Institute of Brain and Mental Health and Monash Biomedical Imaging. He is also an Honorary Senior Research Associate at the Wellcome Centre for Human Neuroimaging of University College London where he also worked from 2012 to 2018. He received the B.E. degree in Electrical Engineering (with a Gold Medal) from the N.E.D. University of Engineering & Technology in Pakistan, the M.Sc. degree in Communications Engineering from the University of Technology Aachen (RWTH), Germany, and the Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of New South Wales, Australia in 2012. His industrial stints include employment with Broadcom Corporation as Staff Scientist and internships with Infineon Technologies and Delphi Delco Electronics GmbH, Germany. He also consults for several start-up companies in Melbourne. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @msuleman002

Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Lincoln Corner Lahore, a partnership project of Information Technology University and U.S. Consulate Lahore, conducted a week long Winter Makers' BootCamp wherein students from various schools participated in this camp. The camp began with a session on introduction to basic electronics, controllers and sensors. Participants learnt basics of electronics and how to use controllers and sensors to create projects. They worked on Arduinos and bluetooth modules. Later they learnt how to make apps using MIT App Inventor. The students also made projects using Bluetooth connectivity to control their projects. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
 Dr. Adeel Razi’s research interest is in modelling complex, multi-scale, network dynamics of brain structure and function. He uses these (dynamic causal) models to integrate empirical data from multiple modalities (e.g., functional and diffusion MRI) to investigate basic brain and... disease mechanisms. Dr. Razi is an Australian Research Council DECRA Fellow at the Monash University. He recently established Computational and Systems Neuroscience Laboratory at the Turner Institute of Brain and Mental Health and Monash Biomedical Imaging. He is also an Honorary Senior Research Associate at the Wellcome Centre for Human Neuroimaging of University College London where he also worked from 2012 to 2018. He received the B.E. degree in Electrical Engineering (with a Gold Medal) from the N.E.D. University of Engineering & Technology in Pakistan, the M.Sc. degree in Communications Engineering from the University of Technology Aachen (RWTH), Germany, and the Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of New South Wales, Australia in 2012. His industrial stints include employment with Broadcom Corporation as Staff Scientist and internships with Infineon Technologies and Delphi Delco Electronics GmbH, Germany. He also consults for several start-up companies in Melbourne. Join in on January 8th, 2020.  Timing: 2:00 PM – 3:00 PM Venue: 6th floor auditorium Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi @msuleman002
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting course on Filmmaking.  Students will get to learn and practice four essential components of filmmaking: writing, directing, cinematography, and editing. To get a hands-on experience, students will also practically write, produce, direct, and edit a short film exercises during which they will be able to benefit by using HD cameras, lighting packages and advanced editing software.  Practical workshops and training e...xercises in this course provide a well-balanced prologue to the technical the craft of filmmaking and the art of visual storytelling. These unique skills acquired by the participants can also be used for Vlogs/Social Media content. 
Registrations are OPEN for short courses being offered by Professional Development Center at ITU.  In this course, students will learn to develop interactive and responsive websites. It includes HTML5 and CSS3 for creating beautiful web pages and BootStrap for developing responsive and elegant websites. The course also covers basics of PHP Laravel. 


 Dr. Adeel Razi’s research interest is in modelling complex, multi-scale, network dynamics of brain structure and function. He uses these (dynamic causal) models to integrate empirical data from multiple modalities (e.g., functional and diffusion MRI) to investigate basic brain a...nd disease mechanisms. Dr. Razi is an Australian Research Council DECRA Fellow at the Monash University. He recently established Computational and Systems Neuroscience Laboratory at the Turner Institute of Brain and Mental Health and Monash Biomedical Imaging. He is also an Honorary Senior Research Associate at the Wellcome Centre for Human Neuroimaging of University College London where he also worked from 2012 to 2018. He received the B.E. degree in Electrical Engineering (with a Gold Medal) from the N.E.D. University of Engineering & Technology in Pakistan, the M.Sc. degree in Communications Engineering from the University of Technology Aachen (RWTH), Germany, and the Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of New South Wales, Australia in 2012. His industrial stints include employment with Broadcom Corporation as Staff Scientist and internships with Infineon Technologies and Delphi Delco Electronics GmbH, Germany. He also consults for several start-up companies in Melbourne.  Join in on January 8th, 2020. Timing is 2:00 PM – 3:00 PM. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering a range of short courses. Enrollment is open now!  Python Associate Programmer with AI/ML ... See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
Lincoln Corner Lahore, a partnership project of Information Technology University and U.S Consulate Lahore, is running its Winter Makers' Boot Camp.  Into its third day, the participants learnt how to use MIT App Inventor. First they learned making fun apps like voice on shaking phone and drawing. Later they learned how to make apps that work on Bluetooth connectivity. The participants will now use these apps on their projects during the remaining 2 days of the camp. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Enroll now in our exciting short course on Graphic Designing. Offered by the Professional Development Center at ITU, enrollment is open until January 31, 2020.  See:  https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan

Lincoln Corner Lahore, a partnership project of Information Technology University and U.S. Consulate Lahore, earlier kicked off its Makers‘ Boot Camp. The five-day camps began with a session on introduction to basic electronics, micro controllers and sensors. Participants from different schools and colleges learnt basics of electronics and learnt how to use controllers and sensors to create projects. Initial coding for controllers was also discussed. Participants will use it later during the Boot Camp. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General, Lahore
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Founder of the Nation Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah's 143rd birth anniversary: #QuaidDay #December25 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Renowned motivational speaker Mr. Qasim Ali Shah graces the award ceremony held by ITU in order to celebrate the success of ITU Voice Society debaters at the 39th Allama Iqbal Bilingual Declamation Contest. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
Christmas celebrations at ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Mariyam Zahid Syed Yasir Abbass
ITU Admissions Office hosted a delegation of students from Government College University, Lahore as part of university’s efforts to reach out and make external linkages. The ITU Admissions team gave the visiting students a university tour and an overview of the ongoing research projects and academic programs. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Shagufha Rathore
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open in Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Get to know the latest research and writings by our team! SDG Tech Lab was launched at ITU in collaboration with UnitedNations Development Program (UNDP) and United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA). It was officiallyinaugurated on February 20th, 2019. The objective of the SDG Tech Lab is to conduct cutting edge research and development, and leverage Information and ...Communication Technologies (ICTs), for the implementation and timely completion of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in Pakistan.
ITU Book Club, initiated by BS-EDS students in collaboration with Lincoln Corner, organized its last session of the fall semester on Rumi, a great mystic legendary poet. The session comprised of discussions on how Rumi became Rumi; students shed light on the relationship between Shams of Tabriz and Jalaluddin Rumi. Some of them also shared their favorite collection of poems and quotes from Rumi’s Masnawi. The discussion touched on the subjects of humanity and religion. In add...ition, students also shared their views on how Sufism has changed in the modern world. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General, Lahore
ITU Recreation Club brings you the launch event of fitness exercise program this Friday, December 20, 2019.   Mr. Nasrullah Michel Ansari- Qualified and official Zumba instructor, Group Fitness Instructor from USA and CPD Certified Nutrition Coach from UK- will lead this exciting program.  Don’t miss out on getting your tickets from Students’ Services Center (One-Window, 6th floor ASTP) Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan Syed Yasir Abbass
Guest Talk: "Transient Key-based Obfuscation for HLS in an Untrusted Cloud Environment" by Prof. Guy Gogniat, Vice-President (Research), University of South Brittany, UBS, France Profile: Prof. Dr Guy Gogniat was a visiting Researcher at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, USA, where he worked on embedded system security using reconfigurable technologies. His research activities span across multiple areas of embedded computing, including model based design methodologies..., adaptive computing, reconfigurable architectures, rapid system prototyping, embedded system security and hardware/software co-design. His current research focuses on embedded system security. Over the past 20 years, he has supervised 40+ PhD and MS projects. To his credit, there are many research projects funded by French National and European funding agencies. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Dr Khurram Bhatti Director ECLAB at ITU is set to participate as a Speaker and Co-chair at the 17th IEEE International Conference on Frontiers of Information Technology (FIT), 2019, Islamabad. The title of his talk is “Protection against Complete Security Meltdown in Contemporary Hardware. –What Options Do We Have?” The talk will be in favor of enhancing security and privacy in modern computing architectures while retaining the performance benefits. He will discuss both hardware and software solutions for detection and subsequent mitigation of cache-based information leakage. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Ateequa Yaqub, Naufil Hassan and Dareer Ahmed Mufti, students of MS Data Science, were part of the team that won the 24-hour hackathon called “The Great Hack” hosted by Careem in collaboration with Daftarkhwan and TechJuice. With hundreds of registrations submitted before the event, the top 30 candidates were chosen to participate in the event. The theme of the event revolved around improving and simplifying the liv...es of people through technology, with special emphasis on mobility, payments and delivery.  The ITU Placement Office coordinated the participation of ITU students.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed TechJuice Careem
Join Mr. Shahrukh Irfan tomorrow for a one day workshop on "Retire at 45". This workshop is free for everyone to join. Register online: https://forms.gle/bkXNhDrAsBRQGQxk8 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Chairperson Computer Science Dept.) spoke at the Big Data seminar happened at the head office of virtual university Lahore earlier today. He shared his views on how can Pakistan leverage from AI to get useful insights from the huge amount of data being produced. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
Information technology university arranged a university tour for Defence Welfare Society technical school and vocational training center earlier today. The excited and keen students were given a tour of the campus and the state of the art Engineering labs  They eagerly sought information about ITU's degree programs, scholarships and short courses. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore Muhammad Naqash
 The campaign runs every year from 25 November, the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, to 10 December, Human Rights Day.  The session allowed participants to engage in dialogue with Ms. Nayab and understand the role that financial dependence and child marriages can have on women and how these factors give birth to modern day slavery. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General, Lahore
Information Technology University hosted a talk on “What I learned in 35 years I hope you will learn in 10 Years” by Jeff Waddle. Earlier in the day, Jeff Waddle talked about his personal and professional experiences on the campus radio ITU FM 90.4.  Dr. Tauseef Tauqeer, Dean Engineering also gave him a tour of the state-of-the-art Engineering Labs at ITU. Jeff Waddle is a mentor to graduate Engineering students at Georgia Tech. Jeff is the Engineering Manager at Hope Industrial Systems (Georgia State University). He is a Mechanical Engineering alum from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He began his career at Lockheed Aircraft Company, since then he has worked with several startup companies as a product developer and engineering manager.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Students of BS Managament and Technology and ITU Amenity Club organized an Air Pollution Awareness week in collaboration with dawaai.pk to counter the ill-effects of smog and make self-preservation accessible by providing subsidized masks on campus. @ [722230694:2048:Zaheer Sarwar] Hajira Kureshi IAC - ITU Amenity Club Jaleed Sultan
Faculty of Business and Management at ITU organized a guest speaker session on Capital Markets by Mr. Samir Ahmed as part of their Financial Management course. Mr. Samir Ahmed is the Chief Executive Officer of Knightsbridge Capital Group. Mr. Ahmed has more than 30 years of diversified experience in the financial sector, spanning Investment Banking, Commercial Banking, Capital Markets and Financial Regulation. During this period he has worked in Pakistan as well as the Middle... East and Asia Pacific regions. His experience includes more than 11 years at the CEO level at Pakistan Mercantile Exchange, IGI Investment Bank and Lahore Stock Exchange. He is a past Vice Chairman of the South Asian Federation of Stock Exchanges and of the Investment Banks Association of Pakistan. He is currently an Adjunct Faculty member at Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS). He is also a Director on the Board of Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX).  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
ITU earlier celebrated Hadi and Naveed's (President and Vice-President ITU Voice Society) outstanding performance in the GCU Debates'19, where they were lauded for their speaking skills, content and wit and won first prize among 40 competing teams of various institutions. The Famous Motivational speaker, Mr Qasim Ali Shah graced the event & delivered a memorable speech. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Fatima Hasan ITU Voice Society
Three papers from the ITU Electrical Engineering Department have been accepted in different workshops of the prestigious NeurIPS conference this year. Two papers from the Signal Processing and Information Decoding Lab, directed by Dr. Ali Ahmed, have been accepted. One paper from the Microwave and Integrated Circuits Lab, directed by Dr. Tauseef Tauqeer, has been accepted in ’Machine Learning and the Physical Sciences' workshop.  (1) PatchDIP: Exploiting Patch Redundancy in D...eep Image Prior for Denoising; https://openreview.net/forum?id=BJlD2X3qUB (2) Subsampled Fourier Ptychography via Pretrained Invertible and Untrained Network Priors; https://openreview.net/forum?id=SyxJpm3cLH (3) A Deep Approach for Reliable Subsurface Imaging in Software-Defined Ground Penetrating Radar; https://ml4physicalsciences.github.io/…/NeurIPS_ML4PS_2019_… Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Ali Ahmed
Deadline for Ehsaas Undergraduate Scholarship has been extended till December 24, 2019.  Apply Online:  https://ehsaas.hec.gov.pk/hec-portal-web/auth/login.jsf Completed forms along with listed documents should be submitted to Student Services Office, Level 6, ITU.   Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
The Prime Minister of Pakistan announces Undergraduate Scholarship Program for low-income families. Apply Online: https://ehsaas.hec.gov.pk/ Last Date of Online Application Submission is 10th December, 2019. Facilitation for application submission process is also arranged in the Antenna Lab - Level 4 from 10 am to 4 pm on 9th & 10th December. Who Can Apply? Students who are enrolled in new academic year; already enrolled students can also apply; Candidates who have secured admission on merit; Age limit as per University regulations; Students already availing any other scholarship or grant are ineligible; Distant learning Programs/self finance/self sustain evening programs with higher fee structures are ineligible.
Information Technology University has organised a Guest Talk by Jeff Waddle on "What I've learned in 35 years that I hope you will learn in 10 years". Jeff Waddle is a mentor to graduate Engineering students at Georgia Tech. Jeff is an Engineering Manager at Hope Industrial Systems (Georgia State University). He did his Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology and an MBA from Georgia State University.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
Information Technology University hosted the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports along with Youth Empowerment Society and to conduct an introductory session named as TAMEER for International Jashn-e-Iqbal, Chief Minister 1st Youth Award Show 2019. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Lahore's first ever SDG Game was played at ITU in collaboration with Ms. Naila Mir (P3 Connect) and Carnelian.  The 2030 SDGs Game is a multiplayer, in-person, card-based game that simulates taking the “real world” into the year 2030. Designed in Japan in 2016, this experience has become a powerful and impactful social phenomenon in Japan, earning extensive media coverage and reaching over 100,000 participants. 2030 SDGs Game events are held in corporate, governmental, educational, and community settings.
Information Technology University has organized Fitness Awareness sessions for its staff and students by Mr. Nasrullah Michel Ansari, the pioneer of Zumba® in Pakistan and one of the very few Asians who have international specialization in Zumba®. Zaheer Sarwar Nasrullaha Michel Ansari Hajra Qureshi
"Award Ceremony” Information Technology University is hosting an Award Ceremony to appreciate the success of our students at the 39th Allama Iqbal Bilingual Declamation Contest earlier held at GCU Lahore. ITU Voice Society, Naveed Ahmad Mayo (President) and Muhammad Hadi (Vice-President) won the Best Team award. Qasim Ali Shah will be joining us for the Ceremony. Qasim Ali Shah is a renowned motivational speaker, educationist, author and founder of the Qasim Ali Shah Foundation. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Maham Imran
“Retire at 45” Join Mr. Shahrukh Irfan for a workshop that will show the participants simple strategies on how to save from their existing income, how to invest it so that they save enough for their retirement, how to live off this nest-egg without lowering their standard of living, and how to reduce the risk of losing their savings to bad economic times.  Register online: https://docs.google.com/…/1xicOZAoErqtweTjX9RL1-GUhx-c…/edit The session will also include tips on how t...o reduce their current tax liability." Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Lincoln Corner Lahore hosted the U.S. Ambassador Paul Jones, Consul General Catherine Rodriguez and Public Affairs Officer Jared Yancey. They spoke with English Access Micro scholarship Program students.  The students shared their experience and appreciated the U.S. government’s efforts to develop quality English language skills among Pakistani youth. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
The premier annual debating contest of ITU, "Bol kay Lab Azad hain Tere'19" was held last Friday with some truly unmatched zeal and excitement.  The event had three main categories: Public Speaking, Humorous and Serious speech. Our brilliant orators intrigued the audience with their thought provoking and well articulated ideas. The contest was extremely competitive with so many fabulous speakers at one place.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi

ITU Undergraduate Admission Test 2019 for the recently PEC approved BS Computer Engineering was held today. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Information Technology University conducted the “Million Signature campaign” of signing the petition on Kashmir Committee Website, for solidarity with the Kashmiri people before the United Nations Human Rights Commission. Sign the petition: https://kashmircommittee.punjab.gov.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Syed Yasir Abbass
Lincoln Corner Lahore represented ITU at Lodhran Science Fair organized by Tareen Foundation. This is the second year that Lincoln Corner Lahore was invited to the Science Fair. Hamza Khurram and 2 volunteers from ITU spent 2 days conducting workshops and informing guests and visitors about all the programs and facilities offered at ITU. Organizations from Lahore, Karachi, Hyderabad and Islamabad were present at this 2 day event. There were more than 80 stalls at the event, students from Lodhran presented their projects and performed practical’s of physics and chemistry. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Dr. Khalid Zaheer, renowned Islamic Scholar and Faculty Member at ITU, talked about the basic teachings of Quran and different aspects of life in the light of Quran on ITU FM 90.4, he also answered questions about life after death, treatment and relations with non-muslims, life and teachings of Prophet P.B.U.H asked by live callers during the show. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi

Faculty of Business and Management at ITU, hosted a guest lecture by Mr. Mustafa A. Khan on "Performance Management for Corporates & Entrepreneurs".  Mr. Mustafa A. Khan Mustafa is a Chartered Accountant from Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan & Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales. He is also a CEDR Accredited mediator- UK, and a Balance Scorecard Professional (BSP) from USA. His professional experience spans over 15 years.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Shazib Shaikh
Life at ITU.
Students from the Trust School, Harbanspura Campus came to ITU for a guided tour. They visited the state-of-the-art Electrical Engineering Labs where they were eager to learn about robotics and wireless communication. They also stopped by the modern ITU FM 90.4 radio station where they were fascinated by the set-up and got a chance to merge learning and fun.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore
Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan, Director Scientometrics Lab at ITU, earlier gave keynote address at ‘AI SYSCON’ on the topic of "Applications of AI for EdTech" organized by Systems Ltd in collaboration with TECHJUICE.  The theme of the event was focused around the predictive artificial intelligence (AI) in Pakistan and how it helps business strategy. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan ITU Scientometrics Lab
Hamid Mehmood from ITU Fintech Center presented a research paper titled "Towards Digitization of Collaborative Savings among Low-Income Groups" at the 22nd ACM Conference on Computer-Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing (CSCW) 2019 at Austin, Texas. http://fintechcenter.pk/wp-cont…/uploads/…/11/ROSCA-CSCW.pdf
Complete your BS Computer Engineering application TODAY! Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Dr. Rehan Hafiz Chairperson, Department of Computer Engineering highlighted various aspects of BS Computer Engineering on ITU FM 90.4. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Rehan Hafiz
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk 
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Lincoln Corner at ITU celebrated Universal Children’s Day by hosting children from the SOS village. The children were enthralled by an interactive story telling session, followed by arts and crafts. The United Nations established this day to promote awareness about children’s rights and improve their welfare around the world.   Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Dr. Asim Khwaja (Professor of International Finance and Development at Harvard) spoke about lessons for education policy in Pakistan in light of his decades long research. Some major takeaways were looking at education in terms of demand and supply, and policy as the tool to minimize market frictions. The role of a policymaker, in this framework, would be to empower stakeholders and experiment to test what works. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Maha Kamal
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Bilal H.Qureshi
Learn about the prospects of higher education in France. Come prepared with your queries regarding scholarships, internships and employment after studies during the visit of Campus France Pakistan tomorrow.
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Dr. Izza Aftab, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences was invited as a panelist to Pakistan's first AI summit.  She talked about ITU's Sustainable Development Goals Tech Lab (SDGTL) where Dr. Izza and Dr. Mohsen Ali, along with their team, have mapped slums and estimated multidimensional poverty in 3 major cities using AI. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
 The workshop was organized in collaboration with the United States Educational Foundation Pakistan (USEFP).   Education USA Advisor Aman Bashir began the session with highlighting important steps to take while preparing for GRE and applying for Education in the US (Fulbright or others).  Later, Zeeshan Rahat Kureshi- Principal Test Advisor at the USEFP- provided guidance for preparation and walked the participants through the process of Fulbright applications. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Asim Ijaz Khwaja is the Director of the Center for International Development and the Sumitomo-Foundation for Advanced Studies on International Development, Professor of International Finance and Development at the Harvard Kennedy School, and Co-founder of the Center for Economic Research in Pakistan (CERP). His areas of interest include economic development, finance, education, political economy, institutions, and contract theory/mechanism design. His research combines extensive fieldwork, rigorous empirical analysis, and microeconomic theory to answer questions that are motivated by and engage with policy. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Maha Kamal
Tune into ITU FM 90.4, to learn about ITU's new program BS Computer Engineering. Tomorrow at 09:00 AM!   Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Rehan Hafiz Adeel Ahmed
Lincoln Corner Lahore conducted MIT App Inventor Workshop. It is the second part of an ongoing series of workshops.  
Dr. Rehan Hafiz, Chairperson Department of Computer Engineering, highlights various aspects of the new academic program-BS Computer Engineering- introduced at Information Technology University! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Rehan Hafiz Bilal H.Qureshi Adeel Ahmed
#HappeningNow Members of faculty and management are hosting Dr. Aftab Hussain from Leeds University, UK, today to discuss commercialization of research in academia. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Mohsen Ali Faisal Kamran
Join Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Chairperson Computer Science Dept.) at The National Workshop on Big Data and Technologies that is scheduled to be held tomorrow at University of the Punjab.  The workshop includes: technical talks from experts, hands-on Data Analytics workshop, and interactive sessions.  The objective of this workshop is to provide a platform to researchers, students, and practitioners to discuss the current and upcoming challenges we have to face while working with b...ig data. Various aspects of related subjects in this workshop are: • Big Data Analytics and Visualization • Big Data Infrastructure and Management • Social Media Analytics • Service Orchestration and Management • Cloud /Edge/Fog Computing • Internet of Things • Internet ware and DevOps • Security, Privacy, and Legal Issues Dr. Kamiran shall participate as a distinguished speaker in the workshop.  This workshop is hosted by IEEE Punjab University Student Branch in collaboration with IEEE COMSOC Society Lahore & IEEE IAS Lahore. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
 We, at Information Technology University, extend our heartiest congratulations and best wishes to our brilliant speakers from ITU Voice Society, Muhammad Hadi and Naveed Ahmed Mayo. Both speakers represented ITU at the 39th Allama Iqbal Bilingual Declamation Contest held at GCU Lahore and won the Best Team Trophy.  In total, 40 teams representing various renowned colleges and universities from all across the country participated in the national contest. Hadi pa...rticipated in English Serious category and Naveed participated in Urdu Humorous category. Together our students showcased their finest debating skills and brought home the winning team trophy in a well-deserved success. In doing so, both speakers have also turned a new page in the history of ITU Voice Society setting a new benchmark for future ITU debaters.   In addition to the Best Team Award, Naveed Ahmad Mayo (President ITU Voice Society) also secured 1st position in Urdu category. He was awarded the prestigious 'Majeed Nizami Award' for his success. The same award was earlier won by Muhammad Hadi in 2017.  ITU wholeheartedly wishes our students the best as they continue making a mark in academic as well as co-curricular activities.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi ITU Voice Society
ITU admissions team participated in International Education Expo 2019 hosted by Lahore College for Women University (LCWU). This event brought together experienced professionals from different national and international universities.  Our team highlighted various academic programs especially Computer Engineering being offered by ITU. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Shagufha Rathore
4th annual one-day Book Fair is underway at ITU today.  Organized by ITU Library, leading publishers and booksellers from across Pakistan are participating in the event. Worthy Registrar ITU inaugurated the Book Fair earlier in the day.   Members of faculty, researchers and students are visiting various bookstalls and scrolling other academic resources made available by ITU Library. ... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Muhammad Asif Usman Ali Bhatti Muhammad Muzammal Khan
Join us to learn how to build an App of your own! Lincoln Corner Lahore is organizing, for the first time, an ‘Intro to MIT App Inventor’ Workshop.  Participants will learn basic Android Apps and the usage of MIT App Inventor in projects.  MIT App Inventor is an intuitive visual programming environment; a web application integrated development environment originally provided by Google, and now maintained by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).  Registered users of... the MIT App Inventor worldwide are 8.2 million and it is being used in 195 countries including Pakistan. In total 34.0 Million Apps have been built to date.  Register here:   https://forms.gle/1MtJR6qEHChNNR9u8 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Admissions Open in BS Computer Engineering! Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
At AI Summit'19, Dr. Faisal Kamiran along with other industry experts will be exchanging ideas about how artificial intelligence, big data and new mobility systems can reshape the future.  AI Summit'19 will bring together entrepreneurs, product owners, experts, developers, academics, researchers and enthusiasts eager to make their mark in the fields of Big Data and AI. Attendees will get an invaluable opportunity to spruce their knowledge through productive brainstorming and will get to see the practical world of AI. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an executive course. Admission is OPEN NOW! Apply for the course “Business Analytics Essentials” by Dr. Shazib Ehsan Shaikh (Chair and Acting Dean, Faculty of Business and Management). Limited seats are available. Deadline for application is now extended until November 13, 2019. See: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/executive-courses/bae/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
ITU team paid a visit to Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education (BISE Lahore) earlier.  Visiting members held a meeting with the board officials including BISE Chairman, Professor Chaudhry M Ismail, and Secretary Dr. Rehana Iliyas. ITU team and board members discussed and explored new avenues of collaboration especially in the areas of professional development and capacity building.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Khan
ITU is now offering BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://application.itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
The Economics Department at Information Technology University earlier hosted a guest talk on Child Mortality in Pakistan by Dr. Rafi Amir-ud-Din.  Dr. Rafi Amir-ud-Din is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Economics, COMSATS University, Islamabad, Lahore Campus (CUI). He holds Ph.D. in Economics from International Islamic University, Islamabad. His research interests focus on public health (malnutrition and mortality), gender issues (domestic violence), poverty (alte...rnative conceptualizations of well-being and ill-being), education (intergenerational educational and occupational mobility) and energy efficiency. He won two prestigious Higher Education of Pakistan funded projects in 2018, namely, the Thematic Research Grant Program (TRGP) and National Research Program for Universities (NRPU). He is In-Charge, Sustainable Development Center (SDC) at CUI. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
ITU now offering BS Computer Engineering! Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Lincoln Corner Lahore organized a workshop on MIT App Inventor today. During this workshop the participants learnt how to make basic Android Apps and the usage of MIT App Inventor in different projects.  The participants learnt how to do the coding and worked on 3 different projects: 'Talk to me App', a 'Ball Bounce' game and a 'Drawing App.' MIT App Inventor is an intuitive visual programming environment; a web application integrated development environment originally provided by Google, and now maintained by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).  Registered users of the MIT App Inventor worldwide are 8.2 million and it is being used in 195 countries including Pakistan. In total 34.0 Million Apps have been built to date. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
ITU now offering BS Computer Engineering! Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Rehan Hafiz  Adeel Ahmed
ITU is now offering BS Computer Engineering. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi  Adeel Ahmed

We, at ITU, welcome Dr. Muhammad Ali Jan as Assistant Professor Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences. Dr. Jan has completed DPhil in International Development from the Department of International Development, University of Oxford. Prior to that, he has done MSc Development Studies from the Department of Development Studies, School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS). 
Dean Faculty of Computer Sciences at ITU, Dr. Faisal Kamiran, participated in panel discussion hosted by PlanX on the eve of its Demo Day today.   Dr. Kamiran shared his experiences and walked the young future entrepreneurs through his journey of  establishing his own startup. He enlisted several challenges and risks while starting a new venture as well as strategies to help evolve. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
Lincoln Corner, a partnership project of Information Technology University and U.S. Consulate General Lahore, organized a talk, 'Diversity in U.S. Universities' by Dr. Pervez Hoodhboy today.  Dr. Hoodhboy shared his own experiences as a student studying in the United States and also shared his experience as a teacher now in the United States. Before visiting Lincoln Corner and interacting with the students from various academic institutes, he was also hosted by ITU Registrar ...Mr. Zaheer Sarwar.  Dr. Pervez Hoodhboy, Pakistani Nuclear Physicist and activist, serves as Zohra and ZZ Foundation distinguished professor at the Forman Christian College having previously taught physics at the Quaid-e-Azam University. His interests include promotion of freedom of speech, secularism and education in Pakistan.  He is also recipient of Baker Award for Electronics and Abdus Salam Prize for Mathematics. He authored “Islam and Science – Religious Orthodoxy and the Battle for Rationality” in 1990, later translated in 7 languages. In 2003, he was awarded UNESCO’s Kalinga Prize for popularization of science. In 2003, he was invited to the Pugwash Council. Dr. Hoodhboy sponsored ‘The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists’. He also received Joseph A. Burton Award from American Physical Society (2011) and Jean Mayer Award (2011) from Tufts University. He is also HEC-approved supervisor. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
ITU library is organizing its 4th one-day Book Fair on November 13, 2019 from 09:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. at the Ground Floor (Level 1) ASTP.   Join us for an exciting range of books and other resources! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Usman Ali Bhatti
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an executive course. Admission is OPEN NOW!  Apply for the course “Business Analytics Essentials” by Dr. Shazib Ehsan Shaikh (Chair and Acting Dean, Faculty of Business and Management).   Limited seats are available. Deadline for application is November 11, 2019.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/pdc/executive-courses/bae/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
Sohail Shehzad (Folk Singer) and Saad Sultan (Music Producer) earlier appeared in ITU FM90.4’s show Sham Se Pehlay with RJ Seemal Bilal. The duo shared their experiences and showcased their talents. Indeed our live listeners were jazzed up about our maverick singer and producer! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi ITU FM 90.4 Ali Bukhari
BSEDS students, in collaboration with the Lincoln Corner, hosted their first book club for the month of November. The book selected for today’s meet was 'Rich Dad Poor Dad' by Robert Kiyosaki and Sharon Lechter. The book advocates the importance of financial literacy and building wealth through investing in assets, starting and owning businesses, as well as increasing one's financial Intelligence to improve one's business and financial aptitude. The students had a very meanin...gful discussion in which some of them also shared their parents' experiences regarding financial handling and budgeting. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Department of Electrical Engineering at ITU is hosting a guest talk on ‘ML in 5G: An Industrial Point of View on UE Localization Use Case’ by Dr. Majid Butt.  About the Presenter: Dr. Majid Butt received the M.Sc. degree in digital communications from Christian Albrechts University, Kiel, Germany, in 2005, and Ph.D. in telecommunications from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Trondheim, Norway, in 2011.  He is a Senior Scientist 5G+ Research at Nokia Bell La...bs, Paris-Saclay, France, and a visiting Research Professor at Trinity College Dublin, Dublin, Ireland. Prior to that, he has held various positions at the University of Glasgow, Glasgow, U.K., Trinity College Dublin, Fraunhofer HHI, Berlin, Germany, and the University of Luxembourg.  His current research interests include communication techniques for wireless networks with a focus on radio resource allocation, scheduling algorithms, energy efficiency, and machine learning for RAN. He has authored more than 70 peer-reviewed conference and journal publications in these areas. He has given tutorial talks on various topics in IEEE conferences including, ICC, Globecom, PIMRC, VTC, ISWCS, etc. Dr. Butt was a recipient of the Marie Curie Alain Bensoussan Post-Doctoral Fellowship from the European Research Consortium for Informatics and Mathematics. He has served as the organizer/chair for technical workshops on various aspects of communication systems in conjunction with major IEEE conferences, including WCNC, Globecom, and ICC. He has been an Associate Editor for the IEEE Access and the IEEE Communication Magazine since 2016. Day and Date: Wednesday, 6th November Time and Venue: 2:30 PM, 6th Floor, Auditorium, ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Muhammad Suleman
Dean Faculty of Computer Sciences at ITU, Dr. Faisal Kamiran, earlier participated in International Business conference and Exhibition (IBCE) held at Pearl Continental, Lahore.  He shared his thoughts on AI and its adoption in the developing world with several ministers and international speakers in presence. He also shared his experience and ideas on how to enable adoption of AI in private and public sector in Pakistan.  See: http://ibce.com.pk/  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
Lincoln Corner Lahore held a 5-day immersive residential program, “Voices of Civic Champions”, in collaboration with the Laureate Foundation.  “Voices of civic Champions” is an Initiative that supports preparation and practice for youth participation in governance roles. The program comprised of modules on Identity, Community organization, civic engagement, outreach, Online Media and Citizenship, Entrepreneurship, Critical Thinking, Adaptive Leadership and Empathy. External t...rainers included Aman Bashir, Education USAdvisor from USEFP, Ammara Ahmed - a renowned journalist, Saqib Tanveer-a journalist and a Chevening Fellow, Sana Khalid - Program Manager Lincoln Corner Lahore and Mehwish Niaz - Director Laureate Foundation and a GATHER Fellow.  On the final day of the program Shahid Mehmood Nizami, Deputy Director Sports Punjab held an interactive talk with the participants and distributed the certificates.
Department of Electrical Engineering arranged for a training session for members of faculty on Outcome-Based Education (OBE). Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Muhammad Suleman
Lincoln Corner, a partnership project of Information Technology University and U.S.Consulate Lahore, in collaboration with The Laureate Foundation is hosting the five-day program, ‘Voices of Civic Champions.’ At the close of day 3, participants were taken on a visit to Plan X- Pakistan’s first accelerator program. Founded in September 2014, PlanX aims to empower commercially viable mid-stage technology startups by providing access to multiple funding channels, specialized network of mentors and global exposure to establish high impact businesses.  Mr. Mughees Tahir briefed them about the entrepreneurial ecosystem followed by briefings by all the startups in the current cohort of PlanX.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
For an exciting range of short courses, Professional Development Center at ITU is seeking young and dynamic applicants!  In this course get a hands-on training and acquire digital media marketing skills. This training course aims to provide an exceptional opportunity to learn complete SEO life cycle including effective Keywords Research, Latest On-Page SEO Techniques, Creative Web Content Writing and other dimensions of Digital Marketing. It also includes the in-depth learning of Google Trends, Google Adwords, Google Analytics, and Google Webmasters Tools.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/digital-media-marketing/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
#BreastCancerAwareness On the close of Pinktober and efforts related to Breast Cancer awareness this month at ITU, catch a glimpse from a session on early detection and self-evaluation. It was held by a delegation from Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital. Leading the delegation, Dr. Afifa Arshad stressed on the importance of self-evaluation and early detection and also apprised the participants of frequency and gravity of Breast Cancer prevalence especially among women in Pakistan.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Kiran Anwar Shagufha Rathore Mariyam Zahid Adeel Ahmed
Focal person of Professional Development Center at ITU, Ms. Sundus Khan, today sat down with ITU FM90.4 and highlighted PDC’s exciting ongoing professional development and executive courses. These courses range from Filmmaking to Ethical Hacking, Digital Media Marketing, Cloud Computing, Professional Blogging and Content Writing and others.  Ms. Khan also highlighted PDC’s collaboration initiatives with private and public organizations working in the field of personal development, professional skills acquisition, training and capacity building.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
The second day of the ongoing program ‘Voices of Civic Champions’ by Lincoln Corner Lahore and The Laureate Foundation consisted of modules: ‘Getting to know the Diversity,’ ‘Inclusion,’ and ‘Community Engagement.’ Our visiting guest, Aman Bashir, from EducationUSA Advisor from the United States Education Foundation Pakistan (USEFP), conducted a session with the participants on Personal Development and education opportunities in the USA.  Later Ammara Ahmed led an interactive... session on ‘Online Media and Citizenship’. She stressed on an integral role of leadership and citizen journalism in civic and community engagement. Currently Ammara writes for the Friday Times. She holds a Masters in Journalism from the University of Hong Kong along with postgraduate degrees from The Punjab University and Kinnaird College for Women. Her writings have appeared in major local and international English news outlets.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
From New Arrivals at ITU Library:  As you wander through the narrow alleys of the sixth floor, consider immersing yourself in reading from an amazing repertoire of books made available to you by ITU Library.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Usman Ali Bhatti
#BreastCancerAwareness ITU earlier arranged for an interactive session in collaboration with Shaukat Khanum Cancer Hospital and Pink Ribbon. Therein our visiting speaker Shabnam Ghani interacted with the participants and shared her personal journey of surviving stage 4 breast cancer. She stressed on the importance of early detection, perseverance and hope in the face of struggling circumstances in this case.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Kiran Anwar Mariyam Zahid Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering a short course on Ethical Hacking to be taught by Mr. Shoaib Bhatti.  This course covers basics of hacking, operating system loopholes, trojans & backdoors, web application vulnerabilities, SQL injections, cryptography, viruses & worms and social engineering.
Director SDG Tech Lab at ITU, Dr. Izza Aftab, presented her research paper on mapping and measuring  SDGs in Pakistan at the Sustainability and Development Conference hosted by SEAS at University of Michigan. 
Congratulations to our PhD Scholar Waqas Haider on securing Commonwealth Split-site Scholarship (worth 50,000 GBP). The selection rate for this highly competitive scholarship is less than 1%.  For exchange year 2019-2020, Waqas will be hosted by the Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge in the UK. His supervisor will be Prof. Jon. Crowcroft.  At ITU, Waqas’ supervisor is Dr. Adnan Noor Mian. His subject area of research is Device-to-Device Communication in Future Cellu...lar Networks (5G and beyond).  We wish him well for his academic pursuits! Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Buraira Riaz Ahmed
Lincoln Corner Lahore in collaboration with the Laureate Foundation has arranged for a 5-day workshop series, 'Voices of Civic Champions' consisting of participants from across Pakistan.   Laureate foundation is a youth-led registered entity focused on youth development programs. 'Voices of Civic Champions' program supports youth participation in governance roles.  The primary goal of the ongoing training is to equip the youth with tools and skills to ensure their civic parti...cipation within their respective communities and enable them to act as change agents for peace.  Participating civic champions stand out as advocates of human rights, active citizenship, and holding the government accountable. 
Congratulations to our PhD Scholar Hafiz Hassaan Saeed on securing scholarship from Louis Bruyns Foundation. Under the Advanced Doctoral Training funded program, Hassaan will spend 10 months at department of Mathematics and Computer Science at the University of Antwerp, Belgium.  At ITU, Hassaan is supervised by Dr. Faisal Kamiran and is associated with Data Science Lab.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Buraira Riaz Ahmed Hafiz Hassaan Saeed
Information Technology University is seeking outstanding individuals for faculty positions on tenure track and contract basis in the fields of Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Business Management, Economics and Linguistics, who have demonstrated a promise of achieving true distinction in research and the ability to be an excellent teacher at both graduate and undergraduate levels. Apply her...e: http://jobs.itu.edu.pk/site/faculty_jobs_against_cat/5 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Buraira Riaz Ahmed
Team iMAL successfully demonstrated the progress on the project titled “Design and Testing of Water ATMs - Water Dispensing and Quality Measurement Units”, join...tly funded by HEC and USAID Pakistan. The project’s progress and evaluation were carried out by the National Academy of Sciences, USA and HEC teams. In addition, WASA LDA Lahore played a key role as a lead partner and end beneficiary of the project. Special thanks to Managing Director WASA Lahore Mr. Zahid Aziz and his team for joining the event and acknowledging the project’s progress and benefits. iMAL team at ITU is thankful to the generous support provided by HEC and USAID Pakistan to support this work for people of Pakistan.
In a lively conversation with ITU FM 90.4, Nasrullah Michel Ansari, discussed and elaborated on Zumba practice and nutrition trends prevalent in Pakistan.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi

#BreastCancerAwareness ITU earlier successfully organized a day-long event consisting of a host of activities spreading awareness about Breast Cancer especially among our female students, management and members of faculty. Our students also volunteered wholeheartedly and collected donations.  Visiting guests and speakers included representatives from Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital, Chughtai Lab and Pink Ribbon. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore Kiran Anwar

Enrolment is OPEN now for an exciting range of short courses offered by Professional Development Center at ITU.  Register now for the short course on "Cloud Computing (Google, AWS, Azure)" by Mr. Ali Zain. 
ITU hosted an informative event regarding Breast Cancer Awareness today. It was attended in huge numbers by our female colleagues, students and faculty members.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore
With more and more emphasis being put by the government on tax return filing, it is imperative for each one of us to understand the basics of how our income tax is calculated and what is our legal obligation with regards to income tax payment and income tax return filing. We should also be aware of risks of not filing our tax return or paying taxes. In addition, it is always good to know what various tax concessions and rebates are available to us to help us reduce our tax bi...ll. Enrol now in Professional Development Center's informative short course on 'Tax Filing' to be led by Mr. Shahrukh Irfan.  Mr. Shahrukh Irfan is a Chartered Accountant and a Chartered Tax Advisor from the UK and holds MSc in accounting and finance from the London School of Economics (LSE). He has worked in Big 4 accounting firms in the UK for almost 7 years in income tax practice. He is currently teaching and consulting on personal tax in Pakistan.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/tax-filing/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
Professional Development Center at ITU brings you an exciting opportunity to learn about film-making!  Enrolment is open now!  This course is intended for individuals with almost no filmmaking background and offers a chance to work through a full generation cycle on a short film-from content advancement through till after creation.... The course focuses on the study of four essential components of filmmaking: writing, directing, cinematography, and editing. Students would write, produce, direct, and edit a short film exercises using HD cameras, lighting packages, and advanced editing software. Practical workshops and training exercises will provide a well-balanced prologue to the technical craft of filmmaking and the art of visual storytelling. Working in Pakistani media for more than 15 years, Mr. Qureshi is best acknowledged as a Director. He has worked with several distinguished production houses and TV channels after having completed his professional degree in filmmaking. 
Enroll now for an exciting short course, 'Trading Financial Markets (FX, Stocks, Crypto Currencies)' offered by Professional Development Center at ITU.  Everything you would need to educate yourself to become a profitable trader is covered in this short course. Accelerated learning, experimenting and experiencing is all in the course outline. It focuses on the study of technical analysis used by  world institutions in order to predict the market and profit from them. Detailed... technicals, intense homework and practices and live trading sessions are all part of the course. Hopefully, after the course, the foundation will be strong to fast track the financial career into a fruitful trading profession! Mr. Zaheer is a qualified ACCA professional, expert in financial analysis and financial management. He is a Certified Trading Analyst with an experience spanning over 7 years in financial markets and mentored by 3 professional millionaire traders from Japan, Malaysia and Canada. He has also worked with several Trading firms, Fund management companies and prop traders in Malaysia, Canada, Singapore, USA and Netherlands. See: https://itu.edu.pk/…/trading-financial-markets-fx-stocks-a…/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad Mohammad Ali Zaheer

Enrolment is OPEN for Professional Development Center’s short courses at ITU.  Register now for an exciting course, “Build Your Legacy While Making Money” to be taught by  Hafee Atyub.  This course is designed to show participants ways of passive income leading towards their financial freedom. With no perquisites, this course is an ideal choice for professionals and students alike. The course starts with creating an entrepreneurial mindset before introducing the participants ...ways to make money online while studying or working full time. Later it will dig deeper into drop-shipping and taking the participants step by step through the entire journey of setting up an e-commerce store, finding a niche, product suppliers, branding and marketing. At the end, participants will be fully equipped to run a passive income business. It also delves into finding one’s passion and navigating several methods of finding a startup idea and tips to pursue it further. Overall, the course is a fusion of lectures, case-studies, exercises and hands on training. Instructor’s Profile: Hafee Atyub is an entrepreneur, innovation consultant & divergent thinker, who graduated from LUMS and went to Germany on DAAD funded research internship. Later, he founded BagAdverts which got incubated at Plan9 and eventually won CAREEM as his first customer. He was also selected among top 20 out of 500+ applicants for Kazan OIC Youth Entrepreneurship forum held in Russia. He also presented at Idea Cororon Ka TV show. He believes that human beings are the best of the creations and entrepreneurship is their innate nature. See: https://itu.edu.pk/…/building-your-legacy-while-making-mon…/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
#HappeningNow  Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 for a lively conversation with Nasrullah Michel Ansari. He is an international Zumba and Strong by Zumba Presenter from USA and Pioneer in Pakistan. He is also CPD Certified Nutrition Coach from UK and Elite Personal Trainer from USA. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
Enroll now for an exciting short course, Professional Blogging and Content Writing, to be offered by Professional Developmnet Center at ITU.   In this course, learn about: • Event blogging and its importance  • Finding the perfect niche ... • Engagement tactics  • Visual composition and consistency • Relevance of hashtags • Effective ways to generate money out of event reporting Alina Shahid is an Online Influencer and a seasoned Fashion Journalist. Her interest in developing digital content and social media management stems from experiences running her own personal blog called, The Style Journal - a personal blog on Instagram, founded in 2014. The first magazine-formatted Pakistani fashion instablog, has since been promoting premium brands, high-profile celebrities, media personalities and has successfully attained a huge, organic following. Content is featured in the form of live coverage of events, newbytes, product and food reviews and trend reports. The mission is to provide original and selective content with an effective yet responsible manner of online reporting Prior to managing her blog, she worked in PR and represented some major clients in the industry. It is this experience which Alina channels into her work, ensuring that content is engaging, informative and entertaining.
#BreastCancerAwareness Register now: https://forms.gle/E6hQY2f9L6vcmDmJ9 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore

ITU FM 90.4 brings to you a special show on personal fitness and zumba training by the Pakistan's first certified Zumba and Strong by Zumba Instructor Nasrullah... Michel Ansari.  RJ Seemal Bilal will be hosting his exciting interview on Friday 18th October at 2:30 PM.  Nasrullah is an official Zumba and Group Fitness Instructor, Aqua Fitness and Personal Trainer from USA, CPD Certified Nutrition Coach from UK and Three Dan Black Belt in Taekwondo Martial Arts from Korea.  Don't forget to tune in FM 90.4 Or listen live at http://fm.itu.edu.pk/
Register now: https://forms.gle/E6hQY2f9L6vcmDmJ9  ITU is hosting an event on Breast Cancer Awareness in collaboration with SKMCH and Pink Ribbon. The event is open to all and only female participants.

Under the banner of our professional short courses being offered by Professional Development Center, ITU is offering an ideal opportunity for English language examination preparation.  So spruce up your speaking, reading, writing and listening skills and ace your IELTS exam today! 
Earlier on World Mental Health Day, ITU FM 90.4 hosted Dr. Ali Madeeh Hashmi and arranged for an interactive session on issues of psychiatry, sleep disorder and mental illness as a stigma in society. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering a range of short courses. Enrollment is OPEN now!  The graphic designing course is developed for students, hobbyists and aspiring designers with little to no design experience. Keeping this in mind, the course will provide you with foundations for creating apps that stand out. Participants will explore key UI and UX concepts that are fundamental to smooth, no fuss, creative apps that are loved by users. The course has a secon...dary component that focuses on practical, hands on design workflow. From user flow diagrams to wire-framing to mockups and prototypes, you will explore all components to a successful app design.
#BreastCancerAwareness ITU is hosting an event on Breast Cancer Awareness in collaboration with SKMCH and Pink Ribbon. The event is open to all and only female participants. Register here: https://forms.gle/E6hQY2f9L6vcmDmJ9  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore
ITU hosted our own renowned Pakistani singer, philanthropist and activist, Abrar-ul-Haq, today.  A warm and heartfelt reception was accorded to Abrar-ul-Haq. Haq appeared in ITU FM 90.4's show 'Sham Se Pehly' followed by his interaction with university management and students.    Catch some glimpses here!  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
Congratulations to ITU’s School of Humanities & Social Sciences students who earlier participated in and secured third position at the Policy Case Competition hosted by The Economics Club of Kinnaird College for Women. The topic of the competition was “Policy suggestions to accelerate economic growth in the upcoming federal budget of the year 2020-21”. ITU’s participating team consisted of students: Group Leader, Afifa Iqbal, and members including Umm e Amaara, Sadaf Zia and Fahad Sajjad. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
The Global Student Entrepreneur Awards (GSEA) today completed day 1 of their ongoing awareness sessions at ITU.  GSEA is the premier global competition for students who own and operate a business while attending college or university. Nominees compete against their peers from around the world in a series of local and/or national competitions in hopes to qualify for GSEA Finals.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Are you an Abrar-ul-Haq fan? Do you love to listen him singing your favorite songs? Do you want to know all about his singing and social work career?  Then tune... in to Information Technology University FM 90.4 at 2:30 PM on Monday, 14th October and listen to an exciting interview of the Pakistan's most favorite and renowned pop singer, musician and social worker Abrar ul Haq with our very own RJ Seemal Bilal in the show called 'Sham se Pehly'. 
#ITUAlumniStories ITU Alumus, Ahmad Awais, is currently working as Lecturer at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore. At ITU, he completed Masters in Computer Science and was also associated with Embedded Computing Laboratory.  His research interests areas include Machine Learning, Computer Architecture, Big Data and Text Mining. Before that he worked in Teradata and Confiz Limited as professional services consultant and software engineer respectively.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Khurram Bhatti
 https://plan9.pitb.gov.pk/launchpad-eligibility #Launchpad14 #Plan9 Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Plan9 - PITB's Tech Incubator
 Mr. Mohammad Anwar Rasheed is our esteemed trainer leading this four-module training. He has served for 30 years in the provincial government at various positions in areas of administration a...nd policy-making. He is an  Ex-Member Punjab Public Service Commission and has also served as DG Anti-Corruption, Member Board of Revenue and DG Excise & Taxation.  The training session was well-received by participants. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saira Rafique Tanzeel Urrahman Mariyam Zahid Syed Yasir Abbass
#HappeningNow With reference to World Mental Health Day today, ITU FM90.4 hosted Dr. Ali Madeeh Hashmi to talk about mental health and prevalent issues related to it. Tune in to join an informative conversation now!  Dr. Hashmi is a  psychiatrist, author and a teacher.  #MentalHealth  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Ali Bukhari
 In collaboration with Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital and Research Center, and Pink Ribbon, the awareness session is open to all and only female participants. Mark you calendar now!... #BreastCancer #Pakistan #ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore
Mental health is as important as physical health. 10th October is observed as World Mental Health Awareness Day.  ITU FM 90.4 brings to you a special show on Me...ntal Health Awareness with Dr. Ali Madeeh Hashmi, famous psychiatrist, author and grandson of the legendary poet Faiz Ahmad Faiz.  Don't forget to tune in tomorrow at 2:30 PM only on ITU FM 90.4!  Information Technology University - ITU Dr. Ali Madeeh Hashmi Seemal Bilal
CS Colloquium at ITU is hosting a guest talk by Dr. Sarmad Abbasi on 'Chvatal's Art Gallery Theorem'.  See: http://talks.itu.edu.pk/ https://dblp.uni-trier.de/pers/hd/a/Abbasi:Sarmad Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Mudassir Shabbir
Our PhD Fellow, Muhammad Afnan Ansari, supervised by Dr. Tauseef Tauqeer and Dr. Qasim Mehmood, presented his paper at a conference on Laser and Electro-Optics (CLEO) earlier held in the United States.  He was also interviewed by The Optical Society (OSA). Here is his vignette recounting the ingenuity, artistry and few of the challenges in the field of Optics & Photonics.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Muhammad Afnan Ansari Saira Rafique
 In collaboration with Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital and Research Center, and Pink Ribbon, the awareness session is open to all and only female participants.  Mark you calendar now! ... #BreastCancer #Pakistan #ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore
Enrollment is open for an exciting range of short courses being offered by Professional Development Center at ITU.  Join us for Professional Blogging and Content Writing course by Alina Shahid. Alina Shahid is an Online Influencer and a seasoned Fashion Journalist. Her interest in developing digital content and social media management stems from experiences running her own personal blog called, The Style Journal - a personal blog on Instagram, founded in 2014. The first magaz...ine-formatted Pakistani fashion instablog, has since been promoting premium brands, high-profile celebrities, media personalities and has successfully attained a huge, organic following. Content is featured in the form of live coverage of events, newbytes, product and food reviews and trend reports. The mission is to provide original and selective content with an effective yet responsible manner of online reporting Prior to managung her blog, she worked in PR and represented some major clients in the industry.  It is this experience which Alina channels into her work, ensuring that content is engaging, informative and entertaining. In this course, participants would be able to cover topics including: • Why you should blog? • The role of blogs in digital marketing • Blogging goals • How to create effective content • SEO Basics • How to pitch to marketers/publicists for sponsored    collaborations
#AlumniStories  ITU alumni continue to make their mark in professional lives and make their alma mater proud. Our student, Aaira Suhail, completed her undergraduate degree in Computer Science earlier and working as UX Designer at Systems Limited.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
We are proud to share that our undergraduate student, Zohair Raza Hassan, has been awarded the Fulbright Master’s Scholarship for Fall 2020.    Zohair completed his Computer Science undergraduate degree from Information Technology University this year. He was his batch's top student. Currently he is working as a Research Assistant at ITU. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Buraira Riaz Ahmed Zohair Raza Hassan
Dear Teachers,  You have changed so many lives with your knowledge and wisdom. We value your efforts and dedication. Salutations to everything you do for us.  ITU wishes you a very Happy Teacher’s Day!  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Yaqoob Bangash Tauseef Tauqeer Saeed Ul Hassan Syeda Amna Hassan Maham Ashfaq Hassan Bukhari Khurram Bhatti
ITU wishes you a happy Teacher's Day. The day provides the occasion to celebrate the teaching profession worldwide, to take stock of achievements, and to address some of the issues central for attracting and keeping the brightest minds and young talents in the profession.
Awareness Session on Educational Exchange Programs Opportunities Offered by the U.S. Mission to Pakistan: An informative session was earlier hosted at ITU. The session covered various aspects of students' exchange programs offered by the U.S. Mission to Pakistan. The speakers included Gohar Javaid, Haseeb Ashfaq and Naqsh Nasir.  Gohar Javaid is currently a 3rd year student at ITU, pursuing Bachelor’s degree in Management and Technology. He aspires to join civil service and h...is areas of interests include Public Policy and Social Entrepreneurship. He has just returned from USA after completing 'Study of the U.S. Institutes' (SUSI) for Student Leaders from Pakistan. The Institute on Comparative Public Policymaking for Student Leaders from Pakistan was hosted by the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. The program was fully funded by US Department of State. During his stay he also travelled to New York City, Boston, Charlottesville, VA and Washington, D.C. during a two-week study tour component. Haseeb Ashfaq, a Global UGRAD Alumnus is currently working as a Data Scientist at WeCrunch. He graduated from LUMS with Management Sciences as a major. Being a mathematics nerd, he wrote a book on Calculus and was selected as the Head Teaching Assistant for Mathematics Department of LUMS. During the exchange semester, Haseeb studied a semester at West Liberty University, West Virginia. He is also a certified trainer and nutritionist and has been the President of the Shredded Club at LUMS. Naqsh Nasir is a Global UGRAD Alumna, Exchange Ambassador of Pakistan U.S Alumni Network. She is a graduate from University of the Punjab with Management Sciences as a Major. She has studied an exchange semester at Emporia State University, Kansas. Naqsh has worked with various non-governmental organizations in Pakistan and is passionate to serve the development sector. She currently works as a Child Rights advocate in an NGO and also runs a Global UGRAD Funded Leadership Retreat Program called "T.I.E", aimed at youth development and challenging discriminatory attitudes. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saira Rafique
Short Courses by Professional Development Center at ITU:  PDC at ITU is offering a short course on Web Development.  In this course you will learn to develop interactive and responsive websites. It includes HTML5 and CSS3 for creating beautiful web pages. BootStrap for developing responsive and elegant websites. The course also covers basics of PHP Yii Framework 2.0. Instructor: Zain Mehmood  He is a web administrator at ITU. He holds a BS(Hons) degree in Computer Science. He has previously worked as a Software Engineer at NextBridge Pvt Ltd. He has a hands on experience of over 8 years of PHP, Databases, Angular JS, jQuery and CSS and various web application frameworks i.e Yii, CodeIgniter and Content Management Systems such as WordPress, Magento 1 & 2.0 . Apply here: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Zain Mehmood Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
Journal paper written by Dean Faculty of Sciences Dr. Faisal Kamran has been accepted for publication in the Springer Journal of Intelligent Information Systems, IF =  1.589.  It is titled "Causal Inference for Social Discrimination Reasoning".  The leading author of the paper is Mr. Bilal Qureshi, an ITU MS graduate and Data Science Lab RA, along with international collaborators Dr. Salvatore Ruggieri and Dr. Dino Pedreschi from University of Pisa.  Abstract: The discovery o...f discriminatory bias in human or automated decision making is a task of increasing importance and difficulty, exacerbated by the pervasive use of machine learning and data mining. Currently, discrimination discovery largely relies upon correlation analysis of decisions records, disregarding the impact of confounding biases. We present a method for causal discrimination discovery based on propensity score analysis, a statistical tool for filtering out the effect of confounding variables. We introduce causal measures of discrimination which quantify the effect of group membership on the decisions, and highlight causal discrimination/favoritism patterns by learning regression trees over the novel measures. We validate our approach on two real world datasets. Our proposed framework for causal discrimination has the potential to enhance the transparency of machine learning with tools for detecting discriminatory bias both in the training data and in the learning algorithms. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Aleena Khan
Lincoln Corner Lahore in partnership with United States Education Foundation Pakistan earlier organized a robotics workshop themed 'GirlForce: Unscripted & Unstoppable'. The workshop was organized to celebrate upcoming 'International Day of The Girl Child' on October 12. U.S. Consul General Catherine Rodriguez and Deputy Public Affairs Officer Elizabeth Lee were present at the event to mark the day. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
 PDC at ITU is offering two short courses on Python language.  Course 1: Python Programming for Young Wizards... This course is specifically designed for students who are yet to join university education. This is an ideal course for school going children. It covers basic operators, input/output, conditions, loops, data aggregators, functions & modules, classes & objects. Course 2: Python Associate Programmer with AI/ML The course has been designed for an advanced independent certification which the students can take on their own after completion of this course. The course focuses on Python Libraries of Data Science/Machine Learning. The applicants should know programming in at least one programming language, like Python, C++, Java or C#, etc. They should have a basic understanding of mathematics and problem solving, reasoning and logic. Instructor: Syed Basit Ali Jafri https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/syed-basit-ali-jafri/
Earlier a high level delegation from United Nations Development Program (UNDP) visited the SDG Tech Lab at ITU and met with the Lab's management to discuss current projects and future plans. Guests from UNDP included: - Mr. Mohammad Younus, Head of South & West Asia Cluster (Regional Bureau for Asia & the Pacific, UNDP Bangkok) - Aliona Niculita, Deputy Resident Representative, UNDP Pakistan - Mr. Shakeel Ahmad, Assistant Resident Representative, UNDP Pakistan - Mr. Shahid Fa...rooq, Project Manager, Punjab SDGs Support Unit ITU's team included: - Dr. Akmal Hussain, Dean of School of Social Sciences and Humanities - Dr. Izza Aftab, Head of Economics Department and Director of SDG Tech Lab - Dr. Mohsen Ali, Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Principal Investigator, SDG Tech Lab - Murad Javed Khan, Deputy Director, SDG Tech Lab #SDG #UNDP #Pakistan Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal Mishal Niaz Ahmad
Professional Development Center at ITU is offering an exciting range of professional short courses. 
Tallal Ahmad qualified as the only participant from Pakistan this year and also earned a travel grant to attend the summit. In 2016, IPAL Lab @ ITU hosted similar summit in Lahore, Pakistan.   About IDDS: International Development Design Summits (IDDS) are hands-on design experiences that bring together people from all walks of life to create low-cost, practical innovations to improve the lives of people living in poverty. Summits emphasize the importance of “co-creation,” th...e idea that working with communities is more powerful than designing solutions for them. During a summit, participants work in teams with community members from developing countries, learn the design cycle, identify problems and solutions, and test prototypes. After a summit is over, IDDS participants become a part of the growing IDIN Network of MIT Design Lab. Some continue to work on projects from the summit, while others pursue their own local innovation projects in a wide range of fields. The International Development Innovation Network (IDIN) enables a global community of changemakers to design, develop and disseminate innovations that improve the lives of people living in poverty. IDIN also helps individuals, projects, and communities move forward with funding and technical assistance. About IDDS Uganda 2019: The two and a half-week hands-on summit was hosted in Rhino Camp, a refugee settlement in Northern Uganda. The summit was held from 21st August 2019 – 7 September 2019. Under the theme “improving household livelihoods in humanitarian settings”  the goal of this summit is to empower local innovation through design to improve household livelihoods and to build a community of problem solvers that will continue developing bottom-up innovations beyond the summit.   Tallal Ahmad has almost three years of experience in working ICTD projects. See: http://fintechcenter.pk/people/tallal-ahmad/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Lubna Razaq Tallal Ahmad ITU Fintech Center
Lincoln Corner Lahore in partnership with United States Education Foundation Pakistan organized a robotics workshop themed 'GirlForce: Unscripted & Unstoppable'. The workshop was organized to celebrate upcoming 'International Day of The Girl Child' on October 12.  Participant girls from grades 7,8 & 9 were divided into two groups. One group learnt how to use MIT App Inverter and make HomeAutomation Systems using Arduino while the other group learnt how to make a Hurdle Detecting Stick using Arduino and Motion Sensors among other components. The students also learnt how to code in order to set up commands for their projects. 
Enrolment for short courses is OPEN NOW.  Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
ITU FM 90.4 held orientation sessions with the new batch of undergrad students from Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Humanities and Business streams.  RJ Seemal Bilal along with the radio team interacted with the students and talked about operations and opportunities at ITU FM 90.4. Students appreciated the management of radio in taking a lead to highlight students' research projects, startups and academic achievements.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Ali Bukhari
In an inspiring introductory session with incoming students, Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Dean Faculty of Sciences) highlighted basic contours of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science.  #DataScience #ArtificialIntelligence #ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Aleena Khan
Dr. Muhammad Kamran Malik is Visiting Faculty Computer Science at Information Technology University. He is teaching a course, 'Tools and Techniques for Data Science' now integrated with a lab module.  Dr. Malik has earned PhD in Computer Science (Natural Language Processing) from Punjab University College of Information Technology, University of Punjab, Lahore. Previously he has done MS in Software Project Management from National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences, F...AST, Lahore. 
Applications for ITU's Professional Development Center's short courses  are open now.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
Catch glimpses from today's workshop on "An Introduction to Tax Return Filing" by Sharukh Irfan organized by Professional Development Center at ITU.  The workshop consisted of an interactive session well attended by university management staff, faculty and researchers.  Mr. Irfan is a Teaching Fellow at ITU. His research interests include: Valuation, interaction of information symmetry and accounting policies and tax policy.... Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sundus Irza Zeeshan Ahmad
Dr. Syed Abbas Zilqurnain Naqvi is Visiting Faculty of Electrical Engineering at Information Technology University. He is teaching courses on Analysis of Stochastic Systems, and Probability.   Dr. Naqvi is associated with Department of Mechatronics and Control Engineering, University of Engineering and Technology (UET), Lahore, as an Assistant Professor. He earned his PhD in Computer Sciences from Purdue University, USA. Areas of his research interests include: Sparse bayesian learning,  Object recognition, Collaborative robots, Active Prosthetics and  deep learning. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saira Rafique
 Professional Development Center, ITU, is organizing a workshop on tax return filing by Sharukh Irfan. Mr. Irfan is a Teaching Fellow at ITU. His research interests include: Valuation, interaction of information symmetry and accounting policies and tax policy. The workshop is open for employees of all companies/organizations at Arfa Software Technology Park.
Catch glimpses from a course being taught by Dr. Rehan Hafiz.  Dr. Hafiz is an Associate Professor and Chairperson Department of Computer Engineering at ITU.  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-rehan-hafiz/ #ComputerEngineering #ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Dean Faculty of Sciences) earlier gave keynote address at ITCN Artificial Intelligence Summit in Karachi.  Dr. Kamiran emphasized on the importance of explainable AI models that meet ethical standards while building them. He stressed on the significance of expertise that is backed by proper AI knowledge. His address was well-received leading to later interactions. #ArtificalIntelligence #ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
Catch glimpses from Mr. Kashif Murtaza’s ongoing taught course on Probability to CS batch of 2017.  Mr. Murtaza is currently an Assistant Professor at Punjab University College of Information Technology (PUCIT) and visiting faculty at Computer Science Department at ITU.  He is also pursuing PhD in Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition from PUCIT. Previously he completed MS in Computer Science from Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) in 2012. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aleena Khan
During a series of interactive sessions held earlier at Zhejiang University in Hangzhou, China, Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan talked about contextual scientometrics and alternative metrics using Artificial Intelligence.  Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan is the Director of Scientometrics Lab and a faculty member at Information Technology University(ITU), a former Post-Doctorate Fellow at the United Nations University – with more than 15 years of hands-on experience of advanced statistical techniques..., artificial intelligence, and software development client work. He earned his Ph.D. in the field Information Management from Asian Institute of Technology, Thailand. He has also served as a Research Fellow at National Institute of Informatics in Japan. https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-saeed-ul-hassan/ https://bit.ly/2kp5UyW #ArtificialIntelligence #ITU Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
Dr. Akmal Hussain is teaching a course called 'Key Challenges in Development Policy' to 2019 batch of MS Development Studies. During their recent class session, the students learnt and discussed the relationship between and the impact of climate change on development. Dr. Akmal Hussain is the Founding Dean Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences at Information Technology University. Dr. Hussain has a B.A. honours and M.A. degrees from the University of Cambridge and a Docto...rate in Economics from the University of Sussex.  His ongoing and planned research are broadly in the fields of inclusive and sustainable development in Pakistan, institutions and development, consciousness and human development. #climatechange #SDG #ITU https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-akmal-hussain/ Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Dr. Izza Aftab (Chairperson of Economics Department) earlier participated in 7th Pak-China Business Forum-Industrial Expo (PCBF) 2019.  The platform provided for a space for interaction among  Chinese and Pakistani entrepreneurs and academics.  Other participants included: Dr. Muhammad Salahuddin Ayyubi (FCC), Dr. Farrah Arif (LUMS and EdTech Worx) and Dr. Hafiz Zahid Mahmood (Head of the Economics Department (COMSATS, Islamabad).  Together participants shared valuable insights, highlighted challenges and provided recommendations regarding wide-ranging structural and institutional dimensions of CPEC.  Pictures: @Economics3363  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Dean, Faculty of Sciences) participated in the AI Summit at ITCN Asia today as a keynote speaker.  AI Summit 2019 is set to be Pakistan’s leading conference and expo on Artificial Intelligence, making it a complete and collaborative platform to witness AI in action! Valuable insights will be imparted during different talks, workshops, showcased work and panel discussions. The inaugural ceremony will be held at 10Pearls, while the mega event will be hosted by ITCN Asia, Pakistan’s leading IT and Telecom extravaganza. #10Pearls Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran
Join our exciting team of ITU FM90.4: Do you have what it takes to be an RJ? If yes, then avail yourself of this wonderful opportunity.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi ITU FM 90.4 Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Samira Khan
Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Dean, Faculty of Sciences) is set to participate as a panelist at The Future Summit, Karachi, in a panel discussion titled, "Dialogue on Preparing for the Centennial Generation – The Future of Work".  THE FUTURE SUMMIT is the voice of an optimistic future, an energetic catalyst for change. THE FUTURE SUMMIT is providing an extravagant atmosphere, a dynamic mix of individuals, a gathering of vibrant strategists and business thinkers, futurists, innovators, ministers, and a show of some of the most pulsating corporates and distinguished academicians. The summit allows leading business figures from around the world to present their ideas and effective business strategies in a discussion to address leadership and business concerns crucial to today’s world decision makers.  Co-panelists in the said session include:  Khalid Mansoor, CEO, HUBCO Mohammad Shoaib, CEO, Al Meezan Investment  Management Limited Sajjad Syed, CEO, Excellence Delivered (Pvt.) Limited Fatima Asad-Said, Executive Director, AbacusConsulting & Trustee, LUMS Rizwan Masood Raja, Chief People Officer, Engro Corporation Moderator: Saquib Ahmed, Country Managing Director, SAP Pakistan  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Buraira Riaz Grewal
#UWAllen Ph.D. student Samia Ibtasam focuses on increasing technological and financial inclusion among underserved populations in low-resource communities. She ...recently received a Google Women Techmakers Scholarship to continue her work. The Women Techmakers Scholars Program supports diversity in computing by encouraging women to be leaders and role models in the field, inspired by the example set by Dr. Anita Borg. Ibtasam was the only woman on the CS faculty at ITU in Lahore, Pakistan before coming to University of Washington to pursue her Ph.D. “Throughout my career, I have been in many work environments — research labs, conferences, meetings, and panels — where I was the only woman. It took courage and effort to be part of them, but it also made me resilient to stay, speak up, and represent…I want to hold doors open for other women through my inspiration, my mentorship, my research, and my designed technologies.” https://news.cs.washington.edu/…/allen-schools-samia-ibtas…/ #UWinnovates #WomeninSTEM
Read the latest piece, "Dynamics of the Kashmir crisis" by Dr. Akmal Husain ((Dean Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences at ITU).  See: https://www.thenews.com.pk/…/525149-dynamics-of-the-kashmir… Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
 In an unprecedented show of unity, pride and strength, young students, professionals, faculty and management  expressed solidarity with the people of Indian Occupied Kashmir and paid homage to our martyrs.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Punjab Infor...mation Technology Board (PITB) #KashmirSolidarity
Catch glimpses from Dr. Abubakr Khan's ongoing taught course, 'Islam and the West in Historical Perspective' to undergraduate students at ITU.  Dr. Khan is an Assistant Professor, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences. His research interests include: Continental Philosophy, Metaphysics, Political and Social Thought, Ethics, Aesthetics, Sufi Poetics and Thought, Zen Buddhism, Urdu and Persian Poetry, Pedagogy and Interdisciplinarity, Development Theory, Gender Theory, History of Concepts (Begriffsgeschichte), Existential Philosophy and the Concept of Sense, Creativity, Philosophies of Ekstasis and Relationality  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
SPIE Student Chapter at ITU:  Information Technology University is proud to announce the establishment of student chapter of SPIE – the international society for optics and photonics. ITU is among the only five universities of Pakistan having SPIE student chapters.  SPIE is an international society of photo-optical instrumentation engineers and is a non-profit organization. It provides generous support to students throughout the world for optics and photonics education and re...search.  At ITU, the pioneer batch of office bearers of the chapter include:  Chapter Advisor: Dr. Muhammad Zubair Chapter Co-Advisor: Dr. M Qasim Mehmood Chapter President: Hafiz Saad Khaliq (PhD Scholar, ITU)  Vice President: Sadia Noureen (PhD Scholar, ITU)  Secretary: Amna Zubair (MS Student, ITU)  Treasurer: Taimoor Naeem (PhD Scholar, ITU) 
Information Technology University congratulates our BS Computer Science student Aimen Khalid on securing first position in Intermediate General Science group 2019.  It is a moment of pride and accomplishment for her parents and teachers alike. We wish her best in her upcoming academic pursuits at ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ITU remembers and pays tribute to father of the nation Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah on his 71st death anniversary.  #QuaideAzam Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi
Lincoln Corner Lahore earlier organized a Storytelling Session conducted by speakers from the US Consulate General Lahore. Participants consisted of students from grade 1 to 7 from American School of International Academics Lahore. Zaheer Sarwar Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
 To express solidarity with the people of Indian Occupied Kashmir and pay homage to our martyrs, an unprecedented show of our young students, professionals, faculty and management was displayed at Arfa Software Technology Park. Young and old, men and women, students a...nd faculty came together and expressed their unity, resolve and pride in the nation. The walk involved a display of placards carried by the participants, waving flags and chanting slogans amid patriotic songs. Of this historic day, our emotions and resolve is captured in this video by ITU Media Works.  #DefenceDay #September6 #KashmirSolidarity #ITU #PITB
 “Information Technology University pays homage to the valiant defense forces of Pakistan and remembers the sacrifices of our martyrs. May we rise as a nation and materialize the dreams of our martyrs by protecting our Homeland against forces of ignorance, poverty, hunger and lawlessness," remarked Vice Chancellor Prof. Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar (SI).  Here catch glimpses from Peace Walk arranged for by ITU along with PITB and Peaceful Pakistan tod...ay.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Punjab Information Technology Board (PITB) Hasnain Iqbal Peaceful Pakistan
#HappeningNow Defence Day and Kashmir Solidarity peace walk set to kick off at ITU.

 ITU shall wholeheartedly express solidarity with Kashmiri people and pay tribute to the martyrs of Pakistan Armed Forces today.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
Listen to a special Defence Day show tomorrow with RJ Seemal 'Sham se Pehly' at 2 PM only on ITU FM 90.4

In reference with the International Literacy Day upcoming on September 8, Lincoln Corner Lahore organized a Storytelling Session conducted by speakers from the  US Consulate General Lahore. Participants consisted of students from grade 1 to 7 from American School of International Academics Lahore. 
#ITUStudentDiaries In an ongoing effort, we, at ITU, intend to highlight the stories of our past students who continue to make their mark and make their alma mater proud.  Follow the story of Usman Ali here:  Graduate Student Fellow (GSF) of ITU MS Electrical Engineering program, Usman Ali, has joined Ebryx (Pvt) Ltd. as Malware Researcher after completing his Masters. During his Masters research at Embedded Computing Laboratory, ITU, he worked on the implementation & detecti...on of Cache-based Side Channel Attacks. He practically implemented and extended multiple attacks on RSA and AES crypto-systems under the supervision of Dr. Khurram Bhatti. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Khurram Bhatti

ITU Faculty Wins Facebook's CV4GC Research Award:  Principal Investigator, Dr. Waqas Sultani, along with Co-Principal Investigators, Dr. Mohsen Ali and Dr. Arif Mehmood, have secured Facebook's Computer Vision for Global Challenges (CV4GC) Research Award. It is an initiative to bring the computer vision community closer to socially impactful tasks, datasets and applications for worldwide impact. The application was selected for funding after a rigorous review process and amon...g the more than 300 applications.  PI and Co-PIs are part of Intelligent Machine Lab which has been established to pursue excellence in the areas of computer vision, machine learning and robotics.  For further information, please visit the web-page:  http://im.itu.edu.pk/computer-vision-and-machine-learning-…/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Mohsen Ali
Adeel Hashmi earlier appeared as our guest in ITU FM90.4's show 'Sham Se Pehle'.  He is a renowned Pakistani television/film actor, comedian, social worker, producer, filmmaker, and screenwriter. For more lively interactions with our upcoming guests, just stay tuned!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Ali Bukhari
ITU hosted an interactive orientation session for incoming students today in various academic programs. Members of faculty, admissions and academics welcomed the students and wished them well in their academic pursuits.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Shahid Nadeem Adeel Ahmed
A quick look at the inaugural session of the week-long training on "Industrial Automation" organized by IEEE ITU Branch in collaboration with Industrial Monitoring and Automation Lab (IMAL) and Shafi Reso Chemicals (SRC). Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Saira Rafique
Get a glimpse of the heartdfelt Kashmir Hour observed on Friday at Information Technology University. In an unprecedented and well attended ceremony to express solidarity with persecuted brethren in Indian Occupied Kashmir, National anthems of Pakistan and Kashmir were played followed by prayers for safety and Azadi of the people of Kashmir.
A meeting between UNDP and Information Technology University (ITU)  held today at Punjab SDGs Unit, Lahore to share the findings of the study on mapping of slums. SDGs Tech lab is a joint initiative of UNDP, UNFPA and Information Technology University (ITU).
#KashmirHour To express solidarity with brethren in Kashmir, ITU observed Kashmir Hour today in an unprecedented gathering at Arfa Software Technology Park.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
ITU delegation earlier participated in Dunya EduFest2019 in Faisalabad. Our team consisted of members of admissions team, Lincoln Corner representatives and students. They showcased their projects and highlighted various academic programs offered at ITU.    Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid
 ITU will be organizing a Kashmir solidarity rally tomorrow  before Jumma prayer. 
Information Technology University requires the services of qualified, energetic & self-motivated candidates on contract basis for its HEC Funded Project, “Breast Care – Design and Development of Low-Cost and Safe Microwave Imaging System for Early Breast Cancer Screening at GP Clinics and Hospitals”. Online Applications: Please visit http://jobs.itu.edu.pk and fill out our job application form. Only applications received online will be considered for employment. Incomplete applications (in any case), applications submitted by fax, postal, courier services, in-person, email, and walk-in or by any other means will not be entertained. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Saira Rafique
ITU team participates in Dunya EduFest 2019 in Faisalabad. Comprising of our admissions team members, Lincoln Corner's representatives and students, the visiting ITU delegation showcased their projects and apprised the visiting guests of various academic programs offered at ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM90.4 and join an exciting conversation with Adeel Hashmi live from our studios.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
Are you an Adeel Hashmi fan? Then tune in to ITU FM 90.4 tomorrow at 2:30 PM to listen to an exciting interview of Adeel Hashmi with RJ Seemal in our show 'Sham se Pehle'.
Congratulations to Adeel Ahmad Dar on securing admission in PhD Economics at Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, Germany.  He is associated with ITU's department of humanities and social sciences as a Research Associate. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal
#HappeningNow IEEE ITU Branch in collaboration with Industrial Monitoring and Automation Lab (IMAL) and Shafi Reso Chemicals (SRC) are conducting a one week training on "Industrial Automation".
#FulbrightTalks | She’s teaching a course on Science Fiction to university students. She believes Sci-fi deserves its place in the great works of literature. Th...e outlandish ideas and world building of authors such as Jules Verne, Isaac Asimov, Arthur C. Clarke and so many others were once thought of as childish fantasies. Yet today, their technology is our reality. So let’s dive into the world of Sci-fi with Areej and let’s explore how our world of today was inspired by a few works of brilliant fiction.
Information Technology University is pleased to introduce Seemab Hassan to be the pioneer student RJ of ITU FM 90.4. We wish her best of luck for her radio broadcasting journey! 
#HappeningNow Catch glimpses from the second day of the ongoing Dunya Edu Fest 2019 in which ITU is participating as their platinum partners.  Worthy visiting guests at the festival today included:  -Chaudhary Mohammad Sarwar, Governor Punjab -Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar (SI), Vice Chancellor, ITU ... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM90.4 and meet Dr. Omer Adil, famous TV host and an Orthopedic Surgeon by profession in our show 'Sham se Pehle' and enjoy his words of wisdom on different aspects of literature, music and film industry.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Ali Bukhari ITU FM 90.4
#HappeningNow In the ongoing Dunya EduFest 2019, ITU is participating as their platinum partners. The educational festival comprises of various contests including National Debating Championship 2019, Business Plan Competition 2019, Short Film Competition and Cooking Competition.  Worthy guests who paid a visit to the festival included:
Research Publication:  Muhammad Afnan Ansari's (PhD Student-Dept. of Electrical Engineering) PhD research paper titled, "Engineering Spin and Antiferromagnetic Resonances to Realize Efficient Direction-multiplexed Visible Meta-hologram" has been published in the journal: Nanoscale Horizons. It is a leading journal for the specializing in urgent short reports on exceptionally high quality, innovative nanoscience & nanotechnology (IF = 9.095).
Dunya News in collaboration with ITU hosted a British Parliamentary Style moot today. In the ongoing knock-out round, participating teams came out with their best sides.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
"There is no power on earth that can undo Pakistan"- Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah (October 30, 1947, Lahore) Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi

Members of IEEE Lahore region earlier visited ITU and conducted a training session for IEEE ITU Student Branch's core team on branch activities, official reporting protocols of IEEE and benefits of IEEE membership.  Mr. Tanweer Bukhari (Chair, Student Activities Committee, Lahore Region - Assistant Professor, University of South Asia) and Mr Muhammad Usman Ali (General Secretary, Lahore Region) were among the visiting members of IEEE Lahore region.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Saira Rafique IEEE ITU Student Branch
 Chairperson Electrical Engineering Department, Dr. Junaid Qadir, earlier conducted OBE training session attended by members of faculty and lab engineers. 
Professional Development Center today organized a certificates distribution ceremony on completion of its exciting short courses and certification training held this summer at ITU.  Chief Guest, Ms. Hajira Kureshi- Director Admissions, appreciated tremendous efforts of PDC team and congratulated the successful participants.  PDC team extended a special thanks to worthy registrar, Mr. Zaheer Sarwar, for his continuous support and encouragement.
Paper Acceptance:  ITU Fintech Center's paper titled "Towards Digitization of Collaborative Savings Among Low-Income Groups" has been accepted for publication at the 22nd ACM Conference on Computer-Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing (CSCW) 2019.  This is the first ever paper to CSCW from Pakistan and its based on the center's work around Digitization of Rotating Savings and Credit Associations (ROSCAs) in Pakistan.  The research paper has been co-authored by Hami...d Mehmood, Tallal Ahmad, Lubna Razaq and Dr. Agha Ali Raza. It is a collaborative research between Information Technology University and the University of Washington and was funded by Karandaaz Pakistan. About CSCW: http://cscw.acm.org/2019/ With a Core index of A and Google h5 index of 60, the ACM Conference on Computer-Supported Cooperative Work & Social Computing is the premier international venue for research in the design and use of technologies that affect groups, organizations, communities, and networks.  The conference will be hosted at Austin, Texas in November this year. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Lubna Razaq Hamid Mehmood Tallal Ahmad
 On completion of short courses and certification training, a certificates distribution ceremony is set to be hosted by Professional Development Center.  Chief guest, Ms. Hajira Kureshi-Director Admissions at ITU, will share her thoughts and distribute certificates among participants. ... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Sundus Irza


A glimpse from a visit by female cricket stars of Pakistan, Iram Javed and Aliya Riaz, in our show 'Sham se Pehle' at ITU FM90.4 Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 and meet your favorite female cricket stars of Pakistan, Iram Javed and Aliya Riaz in our show 'Sham se Pehle' with RJ Seemal. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Ali Bukhari
Are you a cricket lover? If yes, then tune in to ITU FM 90.4 tomorrow at 2.30 PM to meet your favorite female cricket stars of Pakistan, Iram Javed and Aliya Ri...az in our show 'Sham se Pehle' with your very own RJ Seemal. 
 U.S. Counsel General Miss Coleen Crenwelge, Public Affairs Officer Michael Guinan and his successor Jared Yancey were present at the event along with Mrs. Farzana Shahid, Director Academics, ITU.  The young campers displayed their project manuals and slide decks and demonstrated their w...orking projects to our esteemed guests. Both batches had come up with some creative and innovative  projects that were thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated by our guests. Lincoln Corner's visitors were also briefed by the students about how and why they chose to built those specific projects and the real life applications of their projects.  We started off with Soft Skills including Leadership Development, Communication Skills, Confidence Building, Identity, Design thinking and Prototyping and then technology. From building motion sensing lamps, to hurdle detecting cars, from coming up with home automation projects to controlling a car through mobile apps, the campers have come a long way from when they started 6 weeks back. These young campers who belonged to different schools learnt the  basics to electronics, from where they gradually moved to introductions to app building and using MIT App Inverter, making 3D objects using SolidWorks, learning to use Arduino and much much more!
Lincoln Corner Lahore successfully concluded its two-day digital citizenship workshop: Tech Camp: Engaging Youth Through Technology.  Get a galnce at highlights of the camp in a video put together by ITU Media Team.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Congratulations to Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan on completing his successful visit to Manchester Metropolitan University in the UK as a visiting researcher to jointly write a Global Challenge Research Fund (GCRF) on the applications  of Artificial Intelligence for Sustainability and Social Good.  During his visit, he showcased research strengths of ITU at MMU and helped strengthen collaborations across the research groups. https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-saeed-ul-hassan/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
The 6th week of the Technology Summer Camp 2k19, organized by Lincoln Corner, a project of ITU and U.S. Consulate Lahore, came to an end today.  This week was all about the young campers finalizing their project manuals, making their slide decks and completing their projects. Both the batches have come up with some creative and innovative  projects that they will display on their Graduation Ceremony on July 30th. Today Elizabeth Lee, Deputy Public Affairs Officer with the U.S.... Consulate Lahore visited Lincoln Corner to overview the projects. She got briefed by the students about how and why they chose to built those specific projects and the real life applications of their projects. The Campers also gave her live demonstrations and shared with enthusiasm about their camp journey.  From building motion sensing lamps to hurdle detecting cars; from coming up with home automation projects to controlling a car through mobile apps, the campers have come a long way from when they started 6 weeks back.  Their journey started with learning the basics to electronics, from where they gradually moved to introductions to app building and using MIT App Inverter, making 3D objects using SolidWorks, learning to use Arduino and much more that they will discuss and display on their upcoming graduation. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Undergraduate first merit lists 2019 have been announced. Visit the link below.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed https://itu.edu.pk/…/undergraduate-1st-merit-lists-2019-ha…/
Catch a quick look at one of the sessions from the ongoing short course on Film-making (Photography, Videography and Editing) being taught by Bilal Qureshi.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Sundus Irza
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM90.4 and listen to our honorable guest actor and TV host Noor-ul-Hassan.   Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi ITU FM 90.4
Meet Noor-ul-Hasan, the famous TV drama actor and host, in our show 'Sham se Pehle' with RJ Seemal only on ITU FM 90.4 tomorrow at 2:30 PM. Don't forget to tune in!
Two-day workshop, “How to Talk to Your Data: Data Processing and Visualization” organized and hosted by faculty of Electrical Engineering concluded earlier at ITU.  The workshop was led by Engg. Dr. Sohaib Abdul Rehman and Dr. Ammar Ahmed Khan.   Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Saira Rafique
Day two of Undergraduate Admission Tests 2019 is underway at ITU!  Wishing good luck and success to our potential new entrants.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
Glimpses from Day 1 of Undergraduate Admission Tests at ITU.  Wishing success and best luck to potential new entrants!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
 At the launching ceremony, besides Dr. Hussain, other panelists include Dr. Rubina Saigol, Raza Rumi and Bilal Zahoor. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Daim Raza
#HappeningNow Catch our Human Resource Manager, Ms. Kiran Anwar, live on ITU FM90.4 right now as she touches upon interesting aspects of HR and ongoing initiatives.   Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Ali Bukhari ITU FM 90.4
Are you a fresh graduate or applying first time for a job? Are you looking for motivation for professional development?  Then tune in to ITU FM 90.4 at 2:30 PM ...today and meet Ms. Kiran Anwar, HR Manager ITU, for some excellent tips and tricks on job interview, employee engagement, ITU's HR culture and a perspective on human resource policies. 
Information Technology University's Syndicate Meeting was held  on July 15, 2019. The meeting was chaired by Dr. Niaz A. Akhtar (SI), Vice Chancellor, ITU.  Members in attendance included Ms.Khadija Umer (MPA), Mr. Muhammad Kashif (MPA), Dr. Fazal Ahmad Khalid (Chairperson Punjab Higher Education Commission), Dr. Naveed A. Malik (Member, HEC Islamabad), Dr. Jawaid A. Ghani (Professor, KSBL), Mr. Sajid Latif (DG, PITB) and representatives of Finance and Higher Education Depart...ment, Government of the Punjab.  In addition, other participants from ITU faculty were Dr. Akmal Hussain (Dean, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences), Dr. Tauseef Tauqeer (Dean, Faculty of Engineering), Dr. Faisal Kamiran (Dean, Faculty of Science), Dr. Shahzib Ehsan Shaikh (Chairperson, Management & Business Studies), Dr. Junaid Qadir (Chairperson, Electrical Engineering Department), Dr. Rehan Hafiz (Chairperson, Computer Engineering Department) and Mr. Zaheer Sarwar (Registrar).  The Syndicate reviewed and appreciated the progress and quality of various education programs being offered by ITU. The syndicate also approved various academic policies and the budgetary estimates of 2019-2020. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
Third week into our ongoing summer short courses and certification training, students get-the-hang-of newly acquired skills and put them to practice and demonstration.   Here catch a glimpse of one of the sessions in our film-making course being taught by Bilal H.Qureshi.   See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Sundus Irza
Journal Paper Acceptance:  Dr. Usman Younis, Assistant Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, has written a paper titled, “High Coupling Efficiency 2D Metasurface Integrated with Strip Waveguide in SOI for Mid-IR Wavelengths”. It has been accepted for publication in the journal IET Optoelectronics. Research Assistant Asif Bilal also contributed along with Dr. Younis.  Paper Abstract:  Two-dimensional (2D) metasurface integrated with strip waveguide in silicon-...on-insulator (SOI) has been designed to achieve high coupling efficiency for 3.8 μm wavelength. The optimisation in period and radius has been achieved using 3D FDTD. The calculated coupling efficiency in the in-plane waveguide for the out-of-plane surface illumination is over 90% with a bandwidth of 1 μm. The design is consistent with the available lithography using 400 nm thick SOI for mid-IR applications. Finally, monolithic integration can be achieved using standard multi-project wafer run. See: https://digital-library.theiet.org/…/iet-opt.2018.5146;jses… Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Usman Younis Tauseef Tauqeer
ITU earlier successfully conducted entrance test consisting of exams on following education streams:  PhD (Computer Science), MS (Computer Science ), MS (Data Science), PhD (Electrical Engineering), MS (Electrical Engineering), MS Development Studies (Development, Technology & Policy). 
Lincoln Corner Lahore, a partnership project between ITU and U.S. Consulate Lahore, collaborated with Pak-US Alumni Network Lahore chapter and organized a three hours long workshop titled 'Know Your Strength'. 
#HappeningNow ITU Graduate Admission Test 2019 is underway.  Best of luck and success to potential new entrants!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
Catch glimpses from day 2 of Tech Camp successfully concluded earlier at ITU.
Academics Office today hosted an orientation meeting ahead of the upcoming entrance tests at ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
In the ongoing course on Filmmaking that is being taught by Bilal Qureshi, students discussed cinematography and photography! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
Actor Ali Tahir earlier appeared in ITU FM Radio90.4's show 'Sham Se Pehle' as a special guest.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Ali Bukhari ITU FM 90.4
 Dr. Usman Younis, Assistant Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, presented his paper titled, “High coupling efficiency surface illuminated 2D metasurface waveguide coupler for mid-IR wavelengths” at the conference, SPIE Optics + Optoelectronics 2019 in Prague, Czech Republic.  Research Assistant Asif Bilal also contributed along with Dr. Younis.  Paper Abstract: ... 2D metasurfaces are increasingly being used for integrated Optoelectronics applications. Our work on the design of a high efficiency mid-IR coupler using 2D metasurface integrated with low-loss waveguides demonstrates the opportunities of novel coupling techniques and guided-wave/free-space optics integration. Proceedings and online recording available at: https://www.spiedigitallibrary.org/…/10.1…/12.2520405.short… Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Usman Younis Tauseef Tauqeer
Celebrated singer Jawad Ahmad earlier appeared in ITU FM Radio90.4's show, 'Sham se Pehle'!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi ITU FM 90.4
Mobile Development (Android) short course being taught by Syed Basit Ali Jafri. Instructor Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/syed-basit-ali-jafri/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Sundus Irza
ITU FM 90.4 hosted an informative session on economics and data science with Chairperson of Economics Department, Dr. Izza Aftab, today!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi RJ Seemal
Glance at second half of the first day of the ongoing digital citizenship workshop titled, "Engaging Youth Through Technology" organized by Lincoln Corner Lahore at ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Dr. Mohsen Ali, Assistant Professor at the Department of Computer Science, attended the workshop, "Computer Vision 4 Global Challenges" at IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition 2019. He presented on his proposal, "Intelligent Crop Health & Pest Detection".  As PI of the project, Dr. Ali collaborated with Dr. Waqas Sultani  who is an Assistant Professor at the Department of Computer Science at ITU. The proposal was accepted after a rigorous review process of more than 100 applications.  Computer Vision for Global Challenges (CV4GC) initiative is a multi-stakeholder effort, led by Facebook Artificial Intelligence, and University of Edinburgh, among others.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Mohsen Ali Faisal Kamran Aleena Khan
Do you want to read the latest edition of your favorite magazines?  Here catch a glimpse of some the New Arrivals at ITU Library.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
Catch glimpses from the ongoing short course on Web Development at ITU being taught by Zain Mehmood.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zain Mehmood Zeeshan Ahmad
 Project Abstract:  In this project, we propose to develop sustainable and cost effective free space optical access transceivers which meet the bandwidth requirements of at least 100 Mbps in full-duplex data transmission. The need to develop this system is to meet the bandwidth requireme...nts of access networks, especially in the bandwidth deprived parts of our country. This technology can directly benefit a number of institutes and social enterprises with applications such as: 1) providing/extending access to internet/intranet for schools, 2) remote monitoring surveillance, 3) tele-health access points, 4) local telco/community ISP extensions, and 5) connecting multiple offices/buildings. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Usman Younis Tauseef Tauqeer
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM90.4 and don't miss out on an exciting interaction with a celebrated actor and our guest today!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi ITU FM 90.4
Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 today at 2:00 PM and get to know and interact with the famous TV actor and our guest, Ali Tahir.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi ITU FM 90.4
 Approaching the end of the third week, Lincoln Corner invited the Science Fuse team to conduct a science show for the participants. Their science shows called 'Fascinating Forces' engaged, educated and entertained the campers using storytelling and live demonstrations with science as the underlying theme. The show was based on... the theme of forces, Sir Isaac Newton and his three laws of motion. The show comprised of a series of fun demonstrations based around fire, rockets and forces. Science Fuse is a social enterprise working to change how science is perceived and communicated both inside and outside classrooms in Pakistan. They curate informal STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) learning programs for children from diverse socioeconomic backgrounds to nurture their interest and understanding of STEM education and careers.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Paper Presentation:  Dr. Muddasir Shabbir’s full paper has been accepted for presentation at IEEE ACC Conference on Control Systems 2019. The paper is titled, “On the Trade-off between Controllability and Robustness in Networks of Diffusively Coupled Agents”.    ACC is one of the most prestigious conferences in the field of Control Systems and offers a valuable opportunity for researchers, educators, and practitioners to share their experiences and innovative developments. Au...thor’s profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/muddasir-shabbir/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Aleena Khan
ITU is organizing an exciting two-day workshop on the subject, “How to Talk to Your Data: Data Processing and Visualization”. This course consists of following contents: -Data Processing, Management and Visualization using open source state-of-the-art software -Introduction to Graphics... -Software Tools: Python and Calc for data processing, inkspace for data visualization  Course Registration Fee: Rs. 5000/ (70% discount on valid student id) For registration: https://forms.gle/xAHKat5Y9XHvjQtc7 Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer
Participants of the ongoing short course on Robotics learn about basics of robotics, tools and technologies needed to make robots of different kinds.  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad
Get a glimpse of the ongoing course on mindful happiness. 
#HappeningNow Meet Raza Rumi, famous Policy Analyst, Journalist and Author, in our show 'All About ITU' in conversation with Dr. Fahd Ali and Ms. Maha Kamal abo...ut the intellectual journey of Raza Rumi.  Tune in now ITU FM 90.4! 
#JoinITU Admissions Deadline: 04 July 2019 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/  Zaheer Sarwar​ Farzana Shahid​ Hajira Kureshi​ Adeel Ahmed
 Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan's article has been accepted for publication in International Journal of Intelligent Systems - a top tier journal in the field of Artificial Intelligence with an Impact Factor of 7.229, entitled "Virtual learning environment to predict withdrawal by leveraging deep learning".  https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/int.22129... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan Faisal Kamran
 This week the first session was on MIT App Inventor. Students installed the app in their phones and tested the app by making a circuit using Arduino. They also learnt how to control Servo Motor’s rotation using the Android App.
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM90.4 right away!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
#JoinITU Admissions Deadline: 04 July 2019 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Catch glimpses from the ongoing short course: Graphic Designing (Product Design, UI/UX, Graphics). 
Are you missing your favorite singers? Let's meet our very own Jawad Ahmad and listen his all time hit songs, tomorrow at 2 PM with RJ Seemal in our show "Sham ...se Pehle" only on ITU FM 90.4  Don't forget to tune in! #JawadAhmad #PopMusic #ShamSePehle #ITUFM90.4
#JoinITU Admissions Deadline: 04 July 2019 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 In this week the camp started off with basics to electronic and coding. The students got a chance to get some hands on experience using Snap Circuit kits. Later they were introduced to coding and had a full day dedicated on A...rduino, a micro-controller and what its applications are. On the last day of the 2nd week, they worked on making their own apps using App Invertor.   Similarly the morning batch, comprising of high-school students from private sector, learnt about MIT App Inventer. They made their own apps to control a light through Bluetooth connectivity and installed the app in there android phones as well. In the afternoon session,our second batch of campers- students of St Joseph and Mary School Youhanabad- picked up further on electronic concepts and how a circuit works.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Our admissions team represent ITU at The News Education Expo 2019. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Instructor Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/syed-basit-ali-jafri/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad
Short courses and certification trainings are underway at ITU. 
 Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Offered by the School of Humanities and Social Sciences, the program features Economics and Data Science in one undergrad degree.  As her initiative inspires others and makes waves, ITU wishes the Econ. Department Head best in her pursuits. ... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
 Join us at this intercative course led by Dr. Ibrahim Siawash!  See: https://itu.edu.pk/sct Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad
QEC at ITU hosted a seminar on Mental Health Awareness today. 
 In the ongoing course on Filmmaking that is being taught by Bilal Qureshi, students discussed and studied script writing and screenplay today! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bilal H.Qureshi
Lincoln Corner Lahore, a partnership project of Information Technology University and U.S. Consulate Lahore, collaborated with United States Educational Foundation Pakistan (USEFP) and organized a Workshop on GRE and Fulbright Scholarship.  Regional Educational Advising Coordinator of the USEFP, Ms. Karen Bauer visited Lincoln Corner. Education USA Advisor Maryam Khan began the session about the importance and the steps to take GRE and what steps to take while applying for Ed...ucation in the US, be it Fulbright or otherwise. Zeeshan Rahat Kureshi, Principal Test Advisor at the USEFP, then took over the session and guided the participants through the process of Fulbright applications and the steps to be taken, including paying focus on how to prepare for GRE.  In her closing remarks, Ms. Karen Bauer encouraged more Pakistani students to apply for Fulbright and stressed on the importance of the experience. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
Glimpses from the exciting Certified Mindful Happiness short course at ITU!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad
Glimpses from today's panel discussion on "Issues in Accessing Finance for Tech Startups" hosted by ITU and the State Bank of Pakistan.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Mishal Niaz Ahmad
 Participants consisted of two batches of students: high school students from some of Lahore’s private schools and junior high students from St Joseph and Mary School in Youhanabad. This summer camp will continue for 5 more weeks and in the coming weeks we will introduce the students to basics of electronics and coding.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Are you planning to appear in GRE exam soon?  Join GRE Preparation course at ITU and kick start your preparations today!  Course Instructor: Dr. Sameen Motahhir https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-sameen-motahhir/
Panel Discussion on "Issues in Accessing Finance for Tech Startups": ITU, alongwith the State Bank of Pakistan, is set to host an interactive panel discussion on the subject: Issues in Accessing Finance for Tech Startups. Panelists include: Mr. Imran Ahmad (Additional Director, DFSD SBP BSC), Dr. Farrah Arif (CEO and Founder, EdTech Worx), Dr. Bashir Ahmad Khan (Dean, ITU School of Business and Management), Mr. Ahsan Amjad (SVP/Head of Retail Assets, JS Bank) and Mr. Faisal Mazhar (Joint Director Payment Systems Department, SBP). Moderator: Dr. Izza Aftab (Head of Economics Department, ITU).  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Mishal Niaz Ahmad
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Join ITU for fully funded PhD positions in Embedded Computing Lab.  We are working in the following research areas: - Information Security [harware/software] - Blockchain Technology... - Approximate Computing - Real-time & Mixed Criticality Systems
Admissions Open Fall '19 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk (Music: The Piano Guys-Ants Marching (Ode to Joy) Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore
 Under the ongoing Student Development Program by QEC at ITU, an interactive seminar on Mental Health Awareness is set to take place on Thursday, June 27, 2019.  Proposed Outcomes :... At the end of this seminar, participants will be able to do the following: Understand the impact of a mental illness. Learn about the symptoms and warning signs of common mental health problems. Increased understanding of challenges faced by people experiencing mental health difficulties. Gaining knowledge about rise of mental health issues in Pakistan. Develop strategies for helping themselves or others who are suffering from a mental illness.
 Join Dr. Ibrahim Siawash in an exciting summer course on Certified Mindful Happiness! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
 Updated schedule: https://itu.edu.pk/sct/deadline-and-schedule/... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ITU student achieves recognition... Congratulations to our BSMT ‘17 student Jaleed Sultan on securing a role as Project Manager at Cogite Co-working Space. It is rated third-best in the world by Forbes 2016 and has been running since 7 years, being the first one ever in Tunisia. Jaleed will be working at Cognite over summer holidays.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan
#JoinITU Director Admissions, Ms. Hajira Kureshi, appeared in ITU FM90.4's leading show today where she highlighted world-class research facilities, faculty and academic programs offered by ITU.  Led by Ms. Kureshi, our highly competitive admissions cycle is  drawing to a close soon. Join ITU! ... Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari
 Join Dr. Ibrahim Siawash in an exciting summer course on Certified Mindful Happiness! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Mark your calendars!  Ms. Hajira Kureshi (Director Admissions ITU) will be our guest tomorrow with RJ Seemal and will let you know all about ITU's Admission Cycle and Process.  Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 tomorrow at 02:15 PM. 
#JoinITU #ITUStudentDiaries Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Shagufha Rathore
 Dr. Khurram Bhartti has published his research paper for IEEE Conference on Communications and Network Security (Washington, D.C.. USA). It is titled, "Sherlock Holmes of Cache Side-Channel Attacks in Intel’s x86 Architecture".  https://cns2019.ieee-cns.org/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Khurram Bhatti Tauseef Tauqeer
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

 As this high-octane contest is all set to take place today, ITU sends best wishes from Lahore to Manchester! #CWC19 #WeHaveWeWill ... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
ITU wishes you a Happy Father's Day!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ITU student makes his mark... Congratulations to our BSMT-17 Student Gohar Javaid who has been selected by the University of Massachusetts for the "Study of US Institutes for Student Leaders on Comparative Public Policy making". Study of the U.S. Institute for Student Leaders on Comparative Public Policymaking is an intensive... short term academic program - sponsored by the U.S State Department; whose purpose is to provide groups of undergraduate student leaders with a deeper understanding of the United States, while simultaneously enhancing their leadership skills. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Maryam Batool
 Dr. Saeed Ul Hassan's article has been accepted for publication in IEEE Transactions Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE) - a top tier journal in the field of Information Systems. It is titled, "Automatic Classification of Algorithm Citation Functions in Scientific Literature".  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
 Course Title: Acting Instructor: Sobia Zaidi This 5-week course in acting is designed for anyone who wants to learn acting. The participants will learn movement, voice, speech/ articulation visualization and sensory exercises and emotional memory under physical and mental preparation of an actor on building a character. What makes this course unique is that the participants will learn the skills of acting through the process of acting. They will not only learn fundamentals of acting but also apply that knowledge in practice through a play which will be produced during the course and will be performed in front of an audience at the end of the course. So the participants from day two of the course will be handed over a script to understand the preparation and process of an actor. The course is targeted for both beginners and professionals because it’s focused on the idea and technique of acting as becoming which in fact is never taught formally or informally as part of actor’s training in Pakistan. Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti Sobia Abbas
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Want to know about your income tax calculation, filing and saving?  Take an exciting short course on the subject especially designed to cater to all your needs! ... https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
#JoinITU  Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 ITU wishes you a blessed Eid-ul-Fitr. May you all spend joyous time with your family and spread happiness around. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk (Music: The Piano Guys-Ants Marching (Ode to Joy) Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Deadline Extended for Short Courses and Certification Trainings  Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
#JoinITU #ITUStudentDiaries Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Shagufha Rathore

ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Details: Why are works like Lord of the Rings, Star Trek and the Harry Potter series timeless? What makes these stories so compelling? Writers understand the importance of building believable and significant fictional worlds using details and cues that can be learned through practice. This 6-week course looks at the importance of world-building by taking into account cinematic and literary science fictional worlds. At the end of the course, students should be able to produce an original written work. This short course is open for ages 16 – 24.
#JoinITU #ITUStudentDiaries Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Shagufha Rathore

 Abstract:... Dopant-free carrier-selective transition metal oxide (TMO) contacts offer unique electrical properties pertaining to the rectification of doping-related issues in silicon (cSi) solar cell. In this paper, cSi heterojunction solar cell featuring TMOs of molybdenum oxide (MoOx) and titanium oxide (TiOx) as hole- and electron-selective contacts, respectively, have been realized using Silvaco TCAD. The photovoltaic performance has been evaluated based on the electron affinity of TiOx, its thickness, interfacial charge density, band gap, and operating temperature. MoOx with an appropriate work function prompts band bending leading to Fermi level pinning at the top interface. Insertion of TiOx with low electron affinity reduces the rear energy barrier against electrons from 0.86 eV to 0.15 eV. Minimum recombination has been observed for electron affinity values range of 3.6-4.2 eV. The rear interface defects (Dit) should be minimized to reduce the recombination and to facilitate transportation of electrons. The device numerically demonstrated open-circuit voltage (Voc) of 723 mV, short-circuit current density (Jsc) of 39.2 mA/cm2, Fill factor (FF) of 79.8%, and conversion efficiency (η) of 22.64% with a temperature coefficient of -0.08%/°C. These results validate the applicability of heterojunction design with fully-covered carrier-selective contacts that can be useful for industrial applications as it eliminates the need of doped layers with the associated capital-intensive and complicated fabrication processes.  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/haris-mehmood/
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS About the Course:  Why are works like Lord of the Rings, Star Trek and the Harry Potter series timeless? What makes these stories so compelling? Writers understand the importance of building believable and significant fictional worlds using details and cues that can be learned through practice. This 6-week course looks at the importance of world-building by taking into account cinematic and literary science fictional worlds. At the end of the course, students should be able to produce an original written work. This short course is open for ages 16 – 24. Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
"Pakistani computer scientist Asma Zaheer was among the 1,000 Best of IBM (BOI) honorees announced at a ceremony in Indonesian province Bali earlier this month. A press release issued by IBM stated that the honorees were selected based on their contribution for the company in the fields of Artificial Intelligence, Hybrid Cloud, Analytics and Cyber Security. “It was meant for those IBMers w...ho further the success of the company, its clients and the world at large.”" Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi http://www.technologyreview.pk/pakistani-computer-scientis…/
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/syed-basit-ali-jafri/ Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Deadline: May 31 https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
#JoinITU  Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Deadline: May 31 https://itu.edu.pk/sct/
Written by Dean Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, Dr. Akmal Hussain, "Economics of unconventional warfare" opinion piece appeared earlier in The News.   Zaheer Sarwar​ Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi​ Aqib Saeed Mughal​  https://www.thenews.com.pk/…/473064-economics-of-unconventi…
What are your plans for today? Don't forget to pick up the latest issue of MIT Technology Review Pakistan - in stores now or subscribe online at  bit.ly/SubscribeMIT
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Course Title: CCNA (Cybersecurity)  Instructors: M. Shoaib Bhatti and Ishtiaq Rafique  Requirements: A basic understanding of using operating systems, networks, and the Internet. Be able to download and install the software. Description: Network Concepts Security Concepts Cryptography Host-Based Analysis Security Monitoring Attack Methods Endpoint Threat Analysis and Computer Forensics Network Intrusion Analysis Incident Response Data and Event Analysis Incident Handling Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Course Title 1: Redhat Certified Engineer (RHCE)  Course Title 2: MS Word (Word, Excel, Powerpoint)  Instructor: Muhammad Shoaib Bhatti  About Redhat Certified Engineer (RHCE): On completion of course materials, students should be prepared to take the Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA) exam. This version of the course includes the exam. Note: This course builds on a student’s existing understanding of command-line based Linux system administration. Students should be able to execute common commands using the shell, work with common command options, and access man pages for help. Students lacking this knowledge are strongly encouraged to take Red Hat System Administration I (RH124) and II (RH134) instead.  MS Word (Word, Excel, Powerpoint): This course covers the content for an independent certification (Word, PowerPoint, Excel) offered by Microsoft which the students can take on their own after completion of this course. Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
ITU FM90.4: Nutrition Specialist Anum Manzoor earlier held an informative discussion with RJ Seemal on diet in Ramzan and weight loss. Stay tuned for exciting topics and lively discussions!... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS About the Course:  This is a 5-week course of 2-hour classes twice a week which is a total of 10 classes. This IELTS Academic course will help students aiming to enter universities abroad that require an IELTS band of 6.5-8.0. Students will be taught IELTS Reading, Writing, Listening and Speaking Skills in line with IELTS requirements so that they can increase their IELTS scores. Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Join Zain Ali for an exciting course on cyber laws this summer! 
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
#JoinITU #ITUStudentDiaries Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Shagufha Rathore
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS In this course, you will learn to develop interactive and responsive websites. It includes HTML5 and CSS3 for creating beautiful web pages. BootStrap for developing responsive and elegant websites. The course also covers basics of PHP Yii Framework 1.0. The applicants should know basics of programming in at least one programming language C++, Java or C#, etc. Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti Zain Mehmood
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS About the Course:  This program consists of the latest laws on cyber crimes including the Electronic Transaction Ordinance 2002 and the Prevention of Electronic Crimes Act 2016. All recent Judgments and amendments in cyber laws of Pakistan and their comparison with international cyber laws will be discussed.  Students will develop an understanding regarding the latest cyber laws, their impact on society, legal terminologies of cyber, and cybersecurity. Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS About the Course:  The Certificate in Practical Filmmaking course is intended for individuals with almost no filmmaking background and offers a chance to work through a full generation cycle on a short film-from content advancement through to after creation. The course focuses on the study of four essential components of filmmaking: writing, directing, cinematography, and editing. Students would write, produce, direct, and edit a short film exercises using HD cameras, lighting packages, and advanced editing software. Practical workshops and training exercises will provide a well-balanced prologue to the technical craft of filmmaking and the art of visual storytelling. Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti Bilal H.Qureshi
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS About the Course:  This is a 5-week course of 2-hour classes twice a week which is a total of 10 classes. This is a course that is divided into two phases. The first phase will introduce the skills required for job hunting and the marketplace which will include Writing, Speaking, Interviews, Resumes/CV Writing, and ‘Marketing’ yourself while the second phase will target ‘on-the-job skills’ such as Strategic Communication, Audience analysis, and Social Media Management. https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-sameen-motahhir/ Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS About the Course:  This training course aims to provide an exceptional opportunity to learn complete SEO life cycle including effective Keywords Research, Latest On-Page SEO Techniques, Creative Web Content Writing and other dimensions of Digital Marketing. The course will also include the in-depth knowledge of Google Trends, Google Adwords, Google Analytics, and Google Webmasters Tools. We will also cover how we can effectively use various Social Media platforms to promote the online presence of a website.This training course will be comprised of 10 interactive sessions of absolute learning, hands-on assignments, quizzes, and much more. This is an assignment based training course. Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti

#JoinITU #EELabs Learn about the innovative Electronics Lab at ITU. Admissions Open Fall '19 Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#HappeningNow Listen to RJ Qasim Bhatti LIVE in Hashtag Morning on ITU FM 90.4! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Happiness, as a human pursuit, is ingrained in our actions for as long as we, as a species, can have lived. Over the last decade only researchers like Martine Seligman (Authentic Happiness, 1991), Daniel Gilbert (Stumbling On Happiness, 2006), Sonja Lyubomirsky (The How of Happiness, 2007), Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi (Flow, 1990) and other positive psychologists have taken this concept into the realm of scientific research in hopes of gaining a better understanding of overall, global well-being and meaningful living. This course is designed to teach you techniques of mindfulness and the science of happiness.    Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS About the Course:  Introduction to public speaking and basic exercises. Rules of debate of model united nations. Introduction of theories of governance. Theory of division of power. Empathic and narcissistic styles of expression. Resolution writing. Strategies for unmoderated caucuses. Understanding Left wing and politics Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti Sher Afghan Malik
#JoinITU #ITUStudentDiaries Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed .

A big shout out to ITU’s Super Moms
Written by Dean Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, Dr. Akmal Hussain, "After the programme" opinion piece appeared in The News today.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Aqib Saeed Mughal  https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/469669-after-the-programme
#JoinITU #EELabs Learn about the futuristic Machines Lab at ITU. Admissions Open Fall '19 Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS About the Course:  This course will serve as an introduction to journalism, and focus on reporting and writing skills. Students will learn how to seek sources and documents, conduct investigative research, ask questions, and write compelling stories. They will also be briefly introduced to multimedia, and learn how to incorporate data, sound, graphics, and photos into their projects for different emerging platforms. Eligibility: Students in their last two years of high school and undergraduate degrees may apply. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti Syeda Amna Hassan
 Paper written by Dr. Faisal Kamiran and Ms. Lubna Razaq, “An Assessment of SMS Fraud in Pakistan” has been accepted to be published in the proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGCAS Conference on Computing and Sustainable Societies (ACM COMPASS 2019), July 3- 5, 2019, Accra, Ghana.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Lubna Razaq
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#HappeningNow  RJ Ziad Bashir refreshes your mornings on ITU FM 90.4 in the show Hashtag Morning, every Thursday and Friday 8-10AM.  Stay Tuned! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
 The Block Chain Lab has recently secured the HEC NRPU grant as part of the National Center for Cyber Security, and is looking for talent to work on cutting edge research. Jobs are available in the areas of BlockChain, security, formal verification, program analysis, and machine learning.
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Course Title: Acting Instructor: Sobia Zaidi This 5-week course in acting is designed for anyone who wants to learn acting. The participants will learn movement, voice, speech/ articulation visualization and sensory exercises and emotional memory under physical and mental preparation of an actor on building a character. What makes this course unique is that the participants will learn the skills of acting through the process of acting. They will not only learn fundamentals of acting but also apply that knowledge in practice through a play which will be produced during the course and will be performed in front of an audience at the end of the course. So the participants from day two of the course will be handed over a script to understand the preparation and process of an actor. The course is targeted for both beginners and professionals because it’s focused on the idea and technique of acting as becoming which in fact is never taught formally or informally as part of actor’s training in Pakistan. Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti Sobia Abbas
#JoinITU #ITUStudentDiaries Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 to listen to our guest speaker Dr. Izza Aftab (Chairperson of Economics Department)  in conversation with Dr. Fahd and Ms. Maha.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS ITU brings an exciting range of short courses this summer!  Stay connected for more details and regular updates!... https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
#HappeningNow  Catch RJ Seemal Live in Sham se Pehly on ITU FM 90.4 - On-Air Now! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Gear up for exceptional exams preparation under the banner of short courses to be offered at ITU!  Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
#JoinITU #EELabs Learn about state-of-the-art Microwave Engineering Lab at ITU.
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 and catch our show Rawaan Dawaan live right now.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi

ITU FM 90.4 has kicked off its regular transmission. Tune in just now! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
#JoinITU #ITUAlumniStories  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ITU FM 90.4  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
On-campus Recruitment Drive: Catch glimpses from recruitment drive earlier held by Renesis Tech during which their CEO interviewed our graduating students.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
#HappeningNow Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 right now!
 Congratulations to Mr. Waqas Halim on his selection in Rajeev Circle Fellowship 2019 Cohort.  http://cte.itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Waqas Halim
Rejuvenate your spiritual and scientific self with Ilm-o-Aaghi at ITU FM 90.4! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
ITU FM 90.4 is all set to kick off its regular transmission starting from tomorrow!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ITU FM 90.4 is all set to kick off its regular transmission starting from tomorrow!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Here is the list of short courses to be offered at ITU! Stay connected for more details and regular updates! https://itu.edu.pk/sct/... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
#JoinITU #ITUAlumniStories  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed

ITU FM 90.4 is all set to launch its regular transmission on the 1st of Ramzan.  Stay tuned! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
#JoinITU Here listen to what our senior faculty member, Belal Muhammad Hashmi-Baoo Jee, has to say about ITU:  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Here is the list of certification trainings to be offered at ITU! Stay connected for more details and regular updates!... https://itu.edu.pk/sct/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Shoaib Bhatti
ADMISSIONS OPEN: SHORT COURSES & CERTIFICATION TRAININGS Admissions are open for excitings short courses and certification trainings at ITU.  Stay connected for more details and regular updates!   
 Quality Enhancement Cell @ ITU in collaboration with Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences today organized the 2nd session of the ongoing Faculty Development Program today. 
The Educators Students Visit ITU:  Young and bright students from The Educators (Muhammaddan Girls Campus, Johar Town) visited and learnt about state of the art research facilities. Visiting students also spent time at the ongoing 5K Challenge taking place at ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Shagufha Rathore

ITU FM 90.4 Tune in to ITU FM 90.4 for Quran teachings, tales of Prophets, sufi kalams and some refreshing recipes in our special Ramzan Transmission. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
#JoinITU Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Deconstructing Discourses around Coke Studio's "Afreen Afreen": ITU Centre for Governance and Policy earlier hosted a workshop-style talk by Yasmeen Arif. She discussed  popular culture and conversations around Coke Studio's 'Afreen Afreen' in order to help students deconstruct how these everyday discourses can be linked to themes of partition, nationalism, and identity. Yasmeen Arif is pursuing her PhD at the School of Anthropology, University of Oxford. Her current research... revolves around women and access to the public space in Pakistan. Focusing on cities, she looks at how gender, class, and socio-economic status intersect in claiming citizenship and belonging in urban Pakistan. More broadly, she is interested in transnational feminisms, decolonisation, and the anthropology of Islam. Her MPhil research, also at Oxford, was conducted around mosque open days in the UK.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
 Under the ongoing Faculty Development Program, Quality Enhancement Cell @ ITU in collaboration with Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences is organizing the 2nd session titled, "Exploring Pakistan's Relationship with IMF" as per following details:  The interactive session will provide an excellent opportunity for participants to learn about the topic by our most experienced and distinguished panelists from the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences at ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan
Students from Crescent Model Higher Secondary School Visit ITU: Catch glimpses from today's visit to ITU by the students of Crescent Model Higher Secondary School. For visiting students, members of admissions and academics teams organized a fun-filled and informative campus tour.    The students learnt about exciting projects and visited state of the art research labs. Students also interacted with researchers and members of faculty and took keen interest in new technological trends and cutting-edge research facilities offered by ITU.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Syed Yasir Abbass Adeel Ahmed
Interactive Session with Renowned American Journalists:  Lincoln Corner Lahore collaborated with USEFP and organized an interactive session with renowned American journalists including Jill Filipovic and Lauren Bohn.  Jill Filipovic is a previous participant of State Department Speaker programs and contributor to The New York Times, CNN, and The Guardian. ... Lauren Bohn is a reporter with The Ground Truth Project. He also runs Foreign Policy Interrupted which highlights women in foreign reporting were the speakers.  They spoke about their careers as female journalists and about their experience in international reporting. They also discussed cultural differences and similarities they have come across during their travels. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore
 Author's profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-faisal-kamiran/... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Aleena Khan
ITU NanoTech Lab Admissions:  NanoTech Lab at ITU invites applications for PhD & MS in Electrical Engineering (RF & Photonics) in the following research areas: Plasmonics & Metamaterials... Applied & Computational Electromagnetics Micro/ Nano Sensors for HealthCare III-V Semiconductor Devices Optoelectronics & 2D Materials RF, Microwave and Antenna Engineering Interested candidates are requested to send their Expression of Interest at their earliest by filling this online form: https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLSfN6qnMosSWGZ7o8I…/viewform Send your complete admission application online at https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/ before deadline of 17th June, 2019.
Dr. Haseeb Ahmed, Assistant Professor at the Department of Economics- Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, published his article titled, "A long-term forest policy" in DAWN.  Author's profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/haseeb-ahmed/
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 Dr. Saeed UL Hassan, Director of Scientometrics Lab at ITU, gave a keynote speech at rii forum, Advancing research on technology, innovation, education and their social impact.   Topic: Scientific Research Informatics: How your research really matters?  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-saeed-ul-hassan/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan ITU Scientometrics Lab
ITU Student Raises Funding for Startup in Canada:  Congratulations to Mr. Omair Bangash (MS Development studies 2018) on successfully raising funding for his startup, tossdown Inc., in Canada.  tossdown Inc. is an emerging Canadian tech startup that  provides cloud based software platform and digital services to the food industry. 
#HappeningNow Professional Skills 101 workshop by English Language Learning Lab at ITU is underway right now.  Hone your professional skills and ace your interviews and presentations!
 Dr. Abubakr Khan, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, presented his paper titled, "The Nietzschean Ethics of Affirmative No-Saying" at Modern Ethical Ideals conference organised by Queen's University Belfast in conjunction with The Royal Institute of Philosophy.
#HappeningNow Seminar on Adversarial ML and Vehicular Networks: Strategies for Attack and Defense hosted by Dr. Junaid Qadir (Chairperson EE Department) is underway.
 Research papers authored by our students at the School of Business and Management, Tahira Saudagar and Rabiya Razzak, have been accepted for presentation at prestigious international forums.  The first paper titled, "Inclusive Leadership and Creative Self-efficacy: Testing the Moderating and... Mediating Mechanisms" has been accepted for oral presentation in a Divisional Paper session at the 79th Annual Meeting of the Academy of Management taking place in Boston, Massachusetts. The second paper titled, "Inclusive Leaders Bring Creativity, Creative Self-efficacy and Creative Performance through Innovative Work Performance" has been accepted for oral presentation in the 5th International Conference on Management Studies (ICMS-2019) organized by European Knowledge Development Institute (EUROKD) in Istanbul, Turkey.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan
Special Assistant to CM KP for Science and Technology and IT, Mr. Kamran Bangash along with his team visited ITU today.  Director Academics, Ms. Farzana Shahid apprised visiting guests about various academic programs, state of art research labs and ongoing projects to devise technological solutions to locally relevant problems.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
 A seminar on Adversarial ML and Vehicular Networks: Strategies for Attack and Defense will be held by Dr. Junaid Qadir (Chairperson EE Department) as per following details. 

#ITURadio Catch exclusive details about ITU Ventures only on ITU FM90.4 Coming Soon! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
 Our Phd student, Muhammad Afnan Ansari, has published his research paper titled, "A Spin‐Encoded All‐Dielectric Metahologram for Visible Light" in the journal: Laser & Photonics Reviews.  Complete paper can be accessed here: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/…/fu…/10.1002/lpor.201900065
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
 English Language Learning Lab at ITU successfully organized the first leg of its two-day workshop offering useful skills for exam preparation and studying. These include: speed reading, speed writing, note making, skimming and scanning.
Glimpses from Blood Donation Camp earlier organized by ITU Amenity Club.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 English Language Learning Lab at ITU hosted an interactive session on cyber space and legal issues related to it.  Students keenly participated and contributed in the session.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
 Dr. Muhammad Zubair and Dr. Muhammad Qasim Mehmood, both Assistant Professors at the Department of Electrical Engineering, have published their research paper titled, "A Compact, Low-Profile Fractal Antenna for Wearable On-Body WBAN Applications" in the journal: IEEE Antennas and Wireless Propagation Letters.  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-muhammad-zubair/ https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-muhammad-qasim-mehmood/
#ITUStudentDiaries
 https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/haseeb-ahmed/ The symposium is directed towards researchers involved in animal and veterinary sciences, human-animal interactions, ethics, policy and law, economics and marketing, among other areas. The concept for this symposium is to advance the broad subject of animal welfare, by providing a friendly scientific forum for researchers to share and discuss their results and ideas.   Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi

 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed


 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 English Language Learning Lab at ITU is organizing a workshop offering professional skills.  Hone your professional skills and ace your interviews and presentations.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
ITU FM 90.4 Let's hear about your weekend plans and talk about latest movie reviews and city happenings - only in The Big Show. Coming Soon! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
 English Language Learning Lab at ITU is organizing a two-day workshop offering useful skills for exam preparation and studying. These include: speed reading, speed writing, note making, skimming and scanning.  So refine your skills and ace your exams!  The workshop is open to ITU undergraduates from all disciplines.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Muhammad Mahboob Ur Rahman, Assistant Professor at Electrical Engineering department, has published his paper titled, “Effective capacity analysis of overlay and underlay device-to-device communication” in IEEE Wireless Communications Letters, 2019 [IF=3.096] https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-i…/dr-muhammad-mahboob-ur-rahman/ Abstract:  Consider a device-to-device (D2D) link which utilizes the mode selection to decide between the direct mode and cellular mode. This paper investigates the impact of mode selection on effective capacity (EC)–the maximum sustainable constant arrival rate at a transmitter’s queue under statistical quality-of-service constraints–of a D2D link for both overlay and underlay scenarios. Due to lack of channel state information, the transmit device sends data at a fixed rate and fixed power; this fact combined with mode selection makes the D2D channel a Markov service process. Thus, the EC is obtained by calculating the entries of the transition probability matrix corresponding to the Markov D2D channel. Numerical results show that the EC decays exponentially (and the gain of overlay D2D over underlay D2D diminishes) with the increase in estimation error of the pathloss measurements utilized by the mode selection. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Tahir Parwaz
 Catch glimpses from the exciting cricket match between ITU and University of Okara held today.  Pictures Credits: ITU Media Team
#HappeningNow  ITU team is set to face the University of Okara team in a thrilling cricket contest.
 The School of Humanities and Social Sciences at Information Technology University hosted an informative session titled, "Death by Birth: Exploring Maternal Mortality" in its Knowledge Creation Seminar Series to encourage dialogue and discourse around this issue. It was moderated by Dr. Izza Aftab.  The panelists included: Ms. Mehreen Shahid: Ms. Shahid is the founder of Safe Delivery Safe Mother, which aims to reduce Postpartum Hemorrhage (PPH), the leading cause of maternal mortality in Pakistan. She has a Master of Public Policy from the University of Oxford and is the recipient of the prestigious Annemarie Schimmel Scholarship. She has wide-ranging experience in policy analysis, evaluation and impact assessment, and has worked in the UK, US and Pakistan on health, education, food security, and poverty alleviation. She has worked at the Clinton Foundation in New York and the World Bank. Currently, she is working as a consultant at McKinsey and Company in Pakistan.
 Dr. Abubakr Khan, Assistant Professor at the School of Humanities and Social Sciences, presented his paper titled, "The Sufis and Tagore on Being-with-Nature” at 13th Humanities & Social Sciences Conference (LUMS). 
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Our PhD student Iqra Safder has published her research paper titled, "Bibliometric-enhanced information retrieval: a novel deep feature engineering approach for algorithm searching from full-text publications" in Scientometrics journal.  Access complete paper here: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11192-019-03025-y... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Saeed Ul Hassan Tahir Parwaz
 The School of Humanities and Social Sciences at Information Technology University is hosting a session titled Death by Birth: Exploring Maternal Mortality in its Knowledge Creation Seminar Series to encourage dialogue and discourse around this issue. Our panelists include: Ms. Mehreen Shahid: Ms. Shahid is the founder of Safe Delivery Safe Mother, which aims to reduce Postpartum Hemorrhage (PPH), the leading cause of maternal mortality in Pakistan. She has a Master of Public Policy from the University of Oxford and is the recipient of the prestigious Annemarie Schimmel Scholarship. She has wide-ranging experience in policy analysis, evaluation and impact assessment, and has worked in the UK, US and Pakistan on health, education, food security, and poverty alleviation. She has worked at the Clinton Foundation in New York and the World Bank. Currently, she is working as a consultant at McKinsey and Company in Pakistan.
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Saeed-Ul Hassan has published his paper titled, "Influential tweeters in relation to highly cited articles in altmetric big data" in Scientometrics journal.  Complete paper can be reached here: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11192-019-03044-9... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Saeed Ul Hassan Tahir Parwaz
Dear ITU students,
 Glimpses from a thrilling cricket contest featuring ITU Cricket Team versus University of Narowal team.  Pictures Credits: ITU Media Team Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Tahir Parwaz
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
#HappeningNow ITU team joins HEC Consultative Workshop on the World Bank assisted project AGAHEE (Assisting Governance and Access in Higher Education for Quality Enhancement).  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
#ITUAlumniStories Get to know one of our graduates, Usama Sadiq, who is working as a Python Software Full Stack Developer at arbisoft. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
Quality Enhancement Cell at ITU hosted an informative session on Patent Filing and Registration in Pakistan by Ms. Shakra Khurshid, Assistant Director Patents, Intellectual Property Organization (IPO), Government of Pakistan.

 Sendoso is keen to expand its development and quality assurance team in Lahore office. For the very purpose they are conducting in-house tests & interviews of graduating Computer Sciences batch from different institutes. Since ITU is one of the finest institutes producing great talent, they would like to follow this process with the 2019 BSCS batch.   The complete technical chapter is taken care in its Lahore office, from development to testing to maintaining servers, in short complete package. We are team of around 50 people right now in Lahore office & growing very fast. However, if we include the US team, this number raises to more than 100 people.
 Abstract:  South Asia faces one of the largest gender gaps online globally, and online safety is one of the main barriers to gender equitable Internet access.To better understand the gendered risks and coping practices online in South Asia, we present a qualitative study of the online abuse experiences and coping practices of 199 people who identified as women and 6 NGO staff from India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh,using a feminist analysis.We found that a majority of our participants regularly contended with online abuse, experiencing three major abuse types: cyber stalking, impersonation, and personal content leakages. Consequences of abuse included emotional harm, reputation damage, and physical and sexual violence. Participants coped through informal channels rather than through technological protections or law enforcement.Altogether,our findings point to opportunities for designs, policies, and algorithms to improve women’s safety online in South Asia. Authors: Nithya Sambasivan (Google USA), Amna Batool (Information Technology University Pakistan), Nova Ahmed (North South University Bangladesh), Tara Matthews (USA), Kurt Thomas (Google USA), Laura Sanely (Gaytán-Lugo Universidad de Colima Mexico), David Nemer (University of Kentucky USA), Elie Bursztein (Google USA), Sunny Consolvo (Google USA).  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Amna Batool Faisal Kamran Tahir Parwaz
 Certificates were distributed among participants for successful completion of coursework for Certificate in Archival Studies.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
ITU cricket participants in Universities Sports League 2019.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
#ITU2ndConvocation Catch highlights from ITU's second convoction ceremony held earlier at Aiwan-e-Iqbal, Lahore. Video Credits: ITU Media Team... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
ITU hosts CS Colloquium which is a platform where researchers from various prestigious universities give research talks to the students of ITU.  This is the 4th talk in the second chapter of CS Colloquium. In this talk, Dr. Mehvish Irfan Poshni (Ph.D. from Columbia University, USA) is going to give a talk to students on April 02, 2019 at 11 AM. The title of the talk is: 'Gracefulness of a Certain Class of Lobsters'.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Tahir Parwaz
#MITTechnologyReview We are Pakistan's premier science and technology publication and keep you plugged in on the latest and most important technology trends. Available in bimonthly edition. Have you seen our latest issue yet? If not, be sure to grab one from a local bookstore or buy online. Subscribe today & get our two previous editions free: http://bit.ly/SubscribeMIT Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
 Coming Soon on ITU FM 90.4 Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Tahir Parwaz
#MITTechnologyReview  We are Pakistan's premier science and technology publication and keep you plugged in on the latest and most important technology trends. Available in bimonthly edition. Have you seen our latest issue yet? If not, be sure to grab one from a local bookstore or buy online. Subscribe today & get our two previous editions free: http://bit.ly/SubscribeMIT Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
 Apply online: www.itu.edu.pk
Dear ITU students, 
ITU FM 90.4 brings an exciting opportunity for you.  Auditions are opening soon! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Tahir Parwaz
Marking the World Water Day, Human Resource Department at ITU proudly organized an eventful day trip to Mangla Dam and Rohtas Fort on Friday.  Colleagues and friends from various departments came in and spent the whole day together. It was filled with exciting team-building activities and delicious food. Apart from fun, the purpose of the activities  was to bring teams closer, help them coordinate and work well with each other. All three games, automatically identified leader...s and those who are able to follow them well. The day-trip was successfully organized by the HR department -- in cooperation with a female -led platform for adventure seekers to journey into some of the less explored areas of Pakistan for a rich cultural experience. (Learn more about it: https://www.facebook.com/TheMadHatters.pk/) ITU Media Team diligently covered the trip.
 In commemoration of Pakistan Resolution day, 23rd March, 1940, a National Anthem singing event was organized for ITU staff and students today.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
Dear ITU students, Opportunity is knocking at your doors.
International Day of Happiness at ITU Lincoln Corner: International Day of Happiness was celebrated here at ITU Lincoln Corner today. March 20 is a declared annual International Day of Happiness adopted after a resolution by 193 United Nations member states.This year's theme is 'Happier Together'. 
ITU’s Initiative “Super Abbu” Highlighted by GNN: GNN news channel has highlighted ITU’s unique initiative-Super Abbu. The project is led by Dr. Agha Ali Raza (Principal Investigator), Sacha Ahmad (Phd student at University of Maryland) and Mustafa Naseem (Clinical Assistant Professor at University of Michigan).  About Super Abbu:... It is a hotline for low literate fathers in Pakistan that gives them access to information regarding pregnancy and delivery. The role of the father during this time period is generally limited to providing transportation and financial support, and that is not enough. Fathers are often the decision-makers regarding healthcare and, without proper knowledge, can unknowingly make choices that are harmful to both mother and child. When fathers call our hotline, a personality named Dr. Saba will answer and teach them how to care for their wives during pregnancy and the delivery. Dr. Saba tells fathers about things like the nutritional requirements of pregnant women, medical attention that they may need to ensure a safe and healthy baby and the possible costs a family might incur during the delivery, among other things. Callers can also listen to stories other fathers can record about experiences during their wives' pregnancy. This way, they can learn from others' experiences.
 In keeping with its focus on hands on experience and exposure to industrial environment, Department of Electrical Engineering at ITU organized a field visit to High Voltage & Short Circuit Laboratory, Rawat. Visiting students belonged to the the batch of BSEE-16. ... Members of faculty and lab engineers accompanied the students.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Tahir Parwaz

ITU's team mark their first win in their cricket contest at Universities Sports League 2019.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
Electrical Engineering Dept at ITU in collaboration with GCRF (Global Challenges Research Fund - UK) is organizing an International workshop: Innovative Wireless Solutions for The Developing World.  This workshop is organized by ITU with partners from University of Glasgow, NUST, and LUMS, and will be attended by participants from these universities as well as FAST-NU, and Texas A&M University. We will also be joined in this workshop by colleagues working in the public sector... (from Punjab IT Board) and in the health sector (from Shaukut Khanum Cancer Hospital). On 19th March 2019 - There will be two talks by faculty from Glasgow University 1. Title: “Student partnership in assessment and feedback”  Presenters: Sajjad Hussain and Wasim Ahmad (University of Glasgow). Venue: 6th floor seminar room Time: 10 AM Speaker Profiles:  Dr. Sajjad Hussain is a Lecturer in Glasgow College UESTC (Systems Power & Energy). Dr. Sajjad has a PhD in Wireless Communications and Signal Processing.  Dr. Wasim Ahmad is a Lecturer in Glasgow College UESTC (Systems Power & Energy). Dr. Wasim has a PhD from University of Surrey, UK. 2. Title: 5G and Beyond 5G Mobile Networks, and vision of 5G-enabled Smart Campus in Glasgow Presenter: Prof. Dr. Muhammad Ali Imran Venue: 6th floor seminar room Time: 11 AM Speaker Profile: Dr Muhammad Ali Imran is a Professor in Communication Systems at the University of Glasgow, and the Vice Dean of Glasgow College UESTC. He is Director for communication, sensing and imaging group. He is an adjunct Professor at the University of Oklahoma, USA. He has supervised 40 successful PhD graduates and published over 300 peer-reviewed research papers including more than 25 IEEE Transaction papers. He has been awarded IEEE Comsoc’s Fred Ellersick award 2014 and FEPS Learning and Teaching award 2014. He is a senior member of IEEE, Fellow IET and a Senior Fellow of Higher Education Academy(SFHEA), UK. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Saira Rafique Tahir Parwaz





Hum Aap K Fan hain brings your favorite singers' life journey and their hit tracks - every Saturday 2pm to 3pm on ITU FM 90.4 - Stay Tuned!   Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Tahir Parwaz
Catch glimpses from Cultural Day celebrated at ITU today.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
 This dialogue brings together experts of labour law, practitioners, lawyers, and other concerned stakeholders. The purpose is to critically engage labour laws and policies to understand why such a critical relationship that is a part of all our lives in one way or another is so fraught. Whether we work for the employer directly or someone else we know does, the stories we hear are ripe with pay delays, employer excesses and so on. It is high time we paid full attention to these issues and found a way forward. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
CGP Guest Talk:  ITU Centre for Governance and Policy hosted a guest talk by Nida Kirmani on the subject, "Fear and Resistance: Gendered Experiences of Violence in Lyari" About Speaker:  Nida Kirmani is Associate Professor of Sociology in the Mushtaq Ahmad Gurmani School of Humanities and Social Sciences at the Lahore University of Management Sciences. She is also Faculty Director of the Saida Waheed Gender Initiative. Nida has published widely on issues related to gender, Is...lam, women’s movements, development and urban studies in India and Pakistan.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash ITU Centre for Governance and Policy Tahir Parwaz
 Research paper written by Dr. Khurram Bhatti, Assistant Professor and Director Embedded Computing Lab at ITU, has been accepted at IEEE Conference on Communications and Network Security (CNS), 10-12 June 2019, Washington, D.C., USA. https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-khurram-bhatti/ Abstract:  Intel’s x86 architecture has been exposed to high resolution and stealthy cache side channel attacks (CSCAs) over past few years. In this paper, we present a novel technique to detect CSCAs on Intel’s x86 architecture. The proposed technique comprises of multiple machine learning models that use real-time behavioral data of concurrent processes collected through Hardware Performance Counters (HPCs). Our proposed technique demonstrates that intelligent performance monitoring of concurrent processes at hardware-level, coupled with machine learning methods, can enable early detection of high precision and stealthier CSCAs. We provide extensive experiments with four variants of the state-of-the-art CSCAs. We demonstrate that our proposed technique is resilient to noise generated by the system under various loads. To do so, we provide results under realistic system load conditions with an evaluation metric comprising of detection accuracy, speed, system-wide performance overhead and confusion matrix for machine learning models. In experiments, our technique achieves detection accuracy of up to 99.51% for Flush+Reload attack on RSA, incurring a performance overhead of 1.63% and 99.99% accuracy on AES while incurring a maximum performance overhead of 8.28%. Our experimental results show consistency for Flush+Flush attack on different implementations of AES as well. Index Terms—Cryptography, Side-Channel Attacks, Detection, Machine Learning, RSA, AES, Flush+Reload, Flush+Flush. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Khurram Bhatti Tahir Parwaz
 ITU is set to offer a new program: BS Computer Engineering https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/bs-computer-engineering/... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Rehan Hafiz Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
Colors of ITU from the second convocation ceremony!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi
 Catch our show 'All About ITU' 12:00PM-1:00PM every Monday- Friday only on ITU FM 90.4 and get information about latest research projects and cutting-edge technology employed here.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Tahir Parwaz
Colors of ITU from the first convocation and groundbreaking ceremony of ITU's new campus site.   Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz Adeel Ahmed

 ITU Centre for Governance and Policy hosted a guest talk by Dr. Ali Raza on the topic: World Revolutionary Utopias in Colonial India.   Dr. Ali Raza is a historian specializing in the history of modern South Asia. He received his DPhil from the University of Oxford and was a research fellow at the Leibniz-Zentrum Moderner Orient in Berlin. His research and teaching interests include the social and intellectual history of South Asia, comparative colonialisms, d...ecolonization, and post-colonial theory. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
 ITU takes pride in its utmost efforts to provide conducive and equitable space for all. In keeping with its efforts toward gender equality, ITU hosted an event at Lincoln Corner today.   Majority of our female members from various departments came forth and shared their struggles in maintaining a healthy work-life balance. Friends and colleagues also shared stories of inspirational figures in their lives.  On this occasion, ITU's worthy registrar also duly recognized and appreciated the efforts of our female colleagues. He shared and expressed gratitude for the significant role of women in his own life.
On International Women's Day, ITU wholeheartedly pays tribute to all the ladies who have made tremendous contributions in making this university a success story.  ITU salutes you, today and forever!... Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Kiran Anwar Mariyam Zahid Maham Ashfaq Buraira Riaz Grewal Aleena Khan Amna Batool Aimen Shah Shagufha Rathore Rukhe Zahra Naqvi
Lincoln Corner Lahore, a partnership project of Information Technology University and U.S. Consulate Lahore, organized a Workshop on GRE preparation which was conducted by United States Education Forum Pakistan (USEFP).  This two hour long workshop was specially designed to brush up on the students' test-taking skills and to review materials for the analytical, verbal and quantitative sections of the exam. Zeeshan Rahat Kureshi, Principal Test Advisor at USEFP and Maryam Zahra Khan, EducationUSA Advisor, conducted the Workshop. These students will later be appearing for the Mock GRE tests which will be arranged by USEFP. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Tahir Parwaz
Catch our show Rawan Dawan every Monday-Friday 10AM-12PM on ITU FM 90.4 Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Tahir Parwaz
The Information Technology University (ITU) Punjab, Pakistan’s first research focused University, established in 2012,  held its second convocation today.  Degrees of academic programs including Computer Science, Electrical Engineering and Executive Master in Business, Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship were conferred upon the graduating students.  In total, 181 students received their degrees in the second convocation: 61 BSCS, 56 BSEE, 12 EMBITE, 43 MSCS and 9 stud...ents of MSEE.  Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar, worthy Vice Chancellor, in his address congratulated the students, parents and the university faculty. He wholeheartedly  congratulated the students in particular for receiving  and  succeeding in world-class education. He wished them well in their pursuits as global citizens.
#ITU2ndConvocation Catch official proceedings of ITU's second convocation ceremony live from Aiwan-e-Iqbal, Lahore.
#ITU2ndConvocation Catch official proceedings of ITU's second convocation ceremony live from Aiwan-e-Iqbal, Lahore.
#ITU2ndConvocation Catch official proceedings of ITU's second convocation ceremony live from Aiwan-e-Iqbal, Lahore. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
#ITU2ndConvocation Catch official proceedings of ITU's second convocation ceremony live from Aiwan-e-Iqbal, Lahore. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
#ITU2ndConvocation Catch official proceedings of ITU's second convocation ceremony live from Aiwan-e-Iqbal, Lahore. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
#ITU2ndConvocation Stay tuned as we begin ITU's 2nd Convocation ceremony at Aiwan-e-Iqbal, Lahore.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
#HappeningNow Worthy Vice Chancellor chairs a meeting with the university's registrar, senior members of faculty and Head of Departments in attendance. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Bashir Ahmad Khan Saeed Ul Hassan Tahir Parwaz
Information Technology University (ITU) Punjab, is set to  hold its second convocation on Wednesday, March 6, 2019 at Aiwan-e-Iqbal,  Chaudhry Mohammad Sarwar, Governor of the Punjab and honourable Chancellor ITU, will preside over the ceremony, confer degrees upon graduating students and award medals to high achie...vers. Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar, Vice Chancellor ITU, will deliver the welcome address.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Bashir Ahmad Khan Yaqoob Bangash Saeed Ul Hassan Tahir Parwaz
ITU carries its tradition as it gears up for the second convocation. 
ITU student volunteers held a meetup at Lincoln Corner Lahore. The meetup was organized by Makeistan.  Makeistan community members discussed their volunteer roles and set community goals for the next three months. Makeistan and Lincoln Corner Lahore have partnered up for the common goal of spreading maker culture in Lahore and beyond. As part of this collaboration, Makeistan community members will be given access to Lincoln Corner’ resources and both projects will co-host events and workshops.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Tahir Parwaz
Refresh Your Mornings with ITU FM 90.4 - Stay Tuned! Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ali Bukhari Rukhe Zahra Naqvi Tahir Parwaz
 The participants, having rudimentary experience with Arduinos and Maker Culture, learnt basics of electronics and Coding using Arduino. After a three-hour long session, the participants built their end products. including a walking stick. The stick utilized sensors and detected obstacles in its path. It also warned the user with an alarm and vibration.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Tahir Parwaz US Consulate General Lahore
ITU Centre for Governance and Policy hosted a guest talk on the Evolution of Pakistani Law by Dr. Osama Siddique.  Speaker's Profile:  Dr. Osama Siddique is the Inaugural Henry J. Steiner Visiting Professor in Human Rights at Harvard Law School and an Associate Fellow at Institute of Development and Economic Alternatives (IDEAS). His books include "Pakistan's experience with Formal Law: An Alien Justice" (2013) and his latest book  "Snuffing Out the Moon" (2017) explores his academic interests through fiction.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
 Under the banner of CS Colloquium, ITU, the next guest talk is by Dr. Muhammad Aurangzeb Ahmad. It is titled: Towards Algocracy: Politicized Artificial Intelligence  Abstract: Artificial Intelligence is increasingly being integrated in all aspects of society. From voice recognition to navigation systems to facial recognition systems etc., it is becoming impossible to escape the long reach of Artificial Intelligence in society. AI systems are increasingly being inc...orporated into decision-making mechanisms that were traditionally the purview of human judgment e.g., sentencing criminals, giving out loans, matching organ and donors, making disease diagnosis, drive cars etc. While it may seem that the algorithms that power AI are neutral and can be trusted more than humans to make decisions on our behalf, the truth is far more complicated. There have already been cases where algorithms have discriminated against people based on their race, recommended incorrect diagnoses etc. Thus, there is a need to counter possible harm that can be caused by AI. In this lecture, I will give an overview of how AI systems have already penetrated society and governance in the near future and how should we think about reducing harm from algorithms while maximizing benefit in what seems to be an inevitable march towards Algocracy - a society ruled by algorithms.
Catch glimpses of the Launch Ceremony and Inaugural Workshop of SDG Tech Lab held on 20th February, 2019 - The School of Humanities and Social Sciences at the Information Technology University in collaboration with the UNDP and UNFPA has established the SDG Tech Lab. The aim is conducting research, exploring the applications of ICTs to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
Catch highlights from ThinkFest 2019 earlier held by ITU Centre for Governance and Policy.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash ITU Centre for Governance and Policy Tahir Parwaz
 Seeds of Peace is a leadership development organization that is committed to transforming legacies of conflict into courage to lead change. Each year students from Pakistan, after going through a rigorous selection conference, are taken to the Seeds of Peace Camp in Maine, United States where through dialogue, sports and ...a lot of other activities they go through a leadership program and conflict transformation program.  Lincoln Corner hosted the day-long Selection Conference today in which more than 50 students from all over Lahore participated. They participated in group activities, presented elevator pitches and then sat through one on one interviews.
ITU - PSL ( Pictionary Staff League) Catch the highlights of ITU - PSL ( Pictionary Staff League) where the board turns into the pitch, HR is the third umpire and the teams face each other on the slippery white pitch, showing off their creative side?  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Mariyam Zahid Usman Alvi Tahir Parwaz
The brains behind ITU FM 90.4  

 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
ITU earlier held a week-long Citizen Journalism Residency Program in coordination with the U.S. Embassy and Pakistan-U.S. Alumni Network. The program hosted 30 young candidates from across Pakistan and provided them with a forum to gain new skills offered by visiting trainers and speakers. Coming from different academic and geographical backgrounds, the participants brought various new aspects and perspectives during the program. The participants actively took part and engage...d in daily discussions that covered various aspects of citizen journalism: ethics, new trends, digital media, underreported issues, gender roles and others. Aspiring citizen journalists also acquired new skills including news writing, reporting, editing and creating web content through photojournalism for different media. The network of bright and competent individuals also offered an opportunity for the participants for networking and creating new synergies. Here catch glimpses from the program in this highlights video assiduously prepared by ITU Media Team.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad US Consulate General Lahore Tahir Parwaz Bilal H.Qureshi
ITU hosted a farewell ceremony earlier to honor its outgoing founding Vice Chancellor-- Dr. Umar Saif. Here catch glimpses from the ceremony in this highlights video assiduously prepared by ITU Media Team.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Tauseef Tauqeer Faisal Kamran Tahir Parwaz Bilal H.Qureshi
The School of Humanities and Social Sciences of ITU launched the SDG Tech Lab today in collaboration with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) Pakistan. Mr. Ignacio Artaza, Country Director, UNDP Pakistan, Ms. Lina Mousa, Country Representative, UNFPA along with Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar, Acting Vice Chancellor ITU, inaugurated the SDG Tech Lab.
 The Office of Sponsored Projects & Research (OSPR) is organizing a workshop on 'Intellectual Property & Patent Law in Pakistan', details below:  Day and Date: Wednesday, February 20, 2019 Time: 2PM - 3:30PM... Venue: Lincoln Corner at ITU
Launch Ceremony of the ITU SDG Tech Lab and Inaugural Workshop: The School of Humanities and Social Sciences of ITU is launching the SDG Tech Lab in collaboration with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) Pakistan on Wednesday, 20th February 2019.  The Lab is being established in order to develop and test innovative ideas and tools that could leverage Information and Communication Technologies in the implementation and tim...ely completion of the key Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in Pakistan. The long term objective of the SDG Tech Lab is to conduct cutting edge research on the use of technology in solving various socio-economic problems in the country which are central to the global SDGs agenda. The Launch Ceremony would be preceded by a workshop in ITU where the core objectives of the SDG Tech Lab and its scope of work would be presented. Federal, provincial and regional SDGs Units will identify various socio-economic problems and governance issues where the use of technology can contribute towards the timely completion of SDGs in Pakistan. The experts of ITU will discuss technology based solutions to the identified problems. The workshop would also be attended by senior UNDP staff and various government officials from federal and provincial Planning and Development Departments. For more information, contact Mr. Murad Javed Khan (email: murad.javed@itu.edu.pk) Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
 The FLP Fellows held their third follow up session at Lincoln Corner, where they discussed the Community Projects they have started working on and the challenges and support systems they have identified using the tools provided to them during the fellowship.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Tahir Parwaz
ITU welcomes Ms. Amna Anwar as a Teaching Fellow, Faculty of Social Sciences & Humanities.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
ITU welcomes Dr. Fahd Ali as an Assistant Professor, Faculty of Social Sciences & Humanities.  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-fahd-ali/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
ITU’s Initiative “Super Abbu” Highlighted by BBC: BBC News has highlighted ITU’s unique initiative-Super Abbu. The project is led by Dr. Agha Ali Raza (Principal Investigator), Sacha Ahmad (Phd student at University of Maryland) and Mustafa Naseem (Clinical Assistant Professor at University of Michigan).  About Super Abbu: It is a hotline for low literate fathers in Pakistan that gives them access to information regarding pregnancy and delivery. The role of the father during ...this time period is generally limited to providing transportation and financial support, and that is not enough. Fathers are often the decision-makers regarding healthcare and, without proper knowledge, can unknowingly make choices that are harmful to both mother and child. When fathers call our hotline, a personality named Dr. Saba will answer and teach them how to care for their wives during pregnancy and the delivery. Dr. Saba tells fathers about things like the nutritional requirements of pregnant women, medical attention that they may need to ensure a safe and healthy baby and the possible costs a family might incur during the delivery, among other things. Callers can also listen to stories other fathers can record about experiences during their wives' pregnancy. This way, they can learn from others' experiences. Follow link to BBC News article: https://www.bbc.com/urdu/science-47140529 Follow link to Super Abbu: http://www.rahemaa.com/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Agha Ali Raza Sacha Marie Ahmad Tahir Parwaz
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
Lincoln Corner Lahore, a partnership project of ITU and U.S. Consulate Lahore, collaborated with Punjab Information Technology Board (PITB)'s Tech Accelerator PlanX and held its first collaborative Book Club.  The book selected was 'Disrupted: My Misadventures in the Start-up Bubble' by Dan Lyon in which the author shares his experience at HubSpot after switching his career from journalism.  Co-founders of PlanX's startups attended the book club. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Tahir Parwaz
Lincoln Corner Lahore, a partnership project of Information Technology University and U.S. Consulate Lahore, in collaboration with United States Education Foundation Pakistan (USEFP), organized the South Asia Tour for Graduate Studies Opportunities in the US at ITU.  Representatives from 7 American Universities interacted with the students and shared their school profiles, admission details, scholarship and financial aid opportunities and the subjects they offered. These representatives were from New York University Tandon School of Engineering, Ohio University, Indiana University Bloomington, University of Colorado Boulder, New York Film Academy, Kent State University and New York Institute of Technology. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Tahir Parwaz

 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz

 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Apply online: https://itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
The Citizen Journalism Residency Program concluded earlier at ITU.  The programme hosted 30 young candidates from across Pakistan and provided them with a forum to gain new skills offered by visiting trainers and speakers. The participants actively took part and engaged in daily discussions that covered various aspects of citizen journalism: ethics, new trends, digital media, under-reported issues, gender roles and others. Aspiring citizen journalists also acquired new skills..., including news writing, reporting, editing and creating web content through photojournalism for different media. The network of bright and competent individuals also offered an opportunity for the participants for networking and creating new synergies. Catch a glimpse from the certificates distribution ceremony in which ITU Director of Academics Farzana Shahid and Deputy Public Affairs Officer at the Lahore US Consulate Elizabeth Lee graced the occasion as chief guests.
 Apply online: www.itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
Full of exciting discussions, opportunities for networking and new synergies, Citizen Journalism Residency Program gradually draws to a close.   One day before its official conclusion, our fellows cherish a memorable experience with a ride to Old Lahore and experience the treasure troves of history and all that Lahore offers to its young guests. Stay tuned as we enter the final day and wrap it up with another day on Saturday!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Tahir Parwaz US Consulate General Lahore
ITU Centre for Governance and Policy hosted a talk, "Translation to Cosmopolitanism: An Intellectual Trajectory" by Stefan Weidner.  About the Speaker: Stefan Weidner, a German writer, translator and literary critic, has studied Arabic, Islamic Studies and Comparative Literature at University of Gottingen, Damascus, Berkeley (CA) and Bonn.  Currently, he is preparing the first anthology of classic Arab poetry in German since the 19th Century. ... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash ITU Centre for Governance and Policy Tahir Parwaz
#HappeningNow ITU admissions team holds a meeting with worthy Registrar and senior members of faculty in attendance as 2019 admissions cycle kicks off. Apply online: www.itu.edu.pk  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
ITU bids farewell to its founding vice chancellor, Dr, Umar Saif, in a ceremony filled with emotions, felicitations and lots of catch-ups.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz

 Catch glimpses from the latest interactions of the Citizen Journalism Residency Program.  The program is aimed at providing citizen journalism training to almost 30 young participants (15 male and 15 female) and developing a network of citizen journalists to work collectively after completing the residency program in Lahore. It is supported by the U.S. Embassy in partnership with the Pakistan-U.S. Alumni Network (PUAN).
Safer Society for Children, a child sexual abuse prevention program hosted at Information Technology University and funded by the U.S. Embassy, seeks individuals for the position of a Child Protection Specialist. The Child Protection Specialist will be brought on the team to develop all materials, train staff, and ensure that workshops are culturally appropriate to local sensitivities. Local expertise is essential. Candidates with prior experience of working in the region wil...l be given preference. Field visits to conduct focus groups, deliver workshops, and support Monitoring and Evaluation efforts will also be required. Master’s degree in psychology, public health, or relevant field Preferably five years of relevant experience Fluent in English, Urdu, and Punjabi Good Writing and Communication Skills Able to multi-task and execute tasks under short deadlines This is a full-time contractual position, with applications processed on a rolling basis. Please email your resume and cover letter to ssc@itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Syeda Amna Hassan Hassan Bukhari Tahir Parwaz
 Catch glimpses from latest interactions of the Citizen Journalism Residency Program.  The program is aimed at providing citizen journalism training to almost 30 young participants (15 male and 15 female) and developing a network of citizen journalists to work collectively after completing the residency program in Lahore. It is supported by the U.S. Embassy in partnership with the Pakistan-U.S. Alumni Network (PUAN).
 Apply online: www.itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
ITU at DAWN Education Expo:  Admissions Open Fall ‘19. Apply online: www.itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz Adeel Ahmed
 Apply online: www.itu.edu.pk Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Catch a glimpse of Day 1 of Citizen Journalism Residency Program as it concludes today at ITU.  The program is aimed at providing citizen journalism training to almost 30 young participants (15 male and 15 female) and developing a network of citizen journalists to work collectively after completing the residency program in Lahore. It is supported by the U.S. Embassy in partnership with the Pakistan-U.S. Alumni Network (PUAN).
Meet our Admissions Team at DAWN Education Expo with your queries regarding BS, MS and PhD programs offered at ITU. For details, please visit:  www.itu.edu.pk/admissions/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
Lincoln Corner Lahore, a partnership project of Information Technology University and U.S. Consulate Lahore, collaborated with the U.S. Consulate and hosted ACCESS Life students visiting from Faisalabad chapter of the program.  Michael Guinan, Public Affairs Officer from the US Consulate conducted an interactive session on Leadership with the students and shared the fundamental building blocks of Leadership. Elizabeth Lee, Deputy Public Affairs Officer was also present at the session. The students shared about their inspirations and leaders they look up to. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Tahir Parwaz US Consulate General Lahore
ITU CGP Talk on Political Kinship in Pakistan by Stephen Lyon:  ITU Centre for Governance and Policy hosted a discussion on "Political Kinship in Pakistan: Affective, and Strategic Dynastic, and Marital Networks" by Professor Stephen Lyon.  Professor Stephen Lyon has been the Professor of Anthropology and Head of Educational Programmes at the Aga Khan University’s Institute for the Study of Muslim Civilisations since September 2018. Prior to this he was Head of Department of ...Anthropology at the University of Durham.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
We, at Information Technology University, welcome Ms. Maha Kamal as a Teaching Fellow in the faculty of humanities and social sciences.  Ms. Kamal is an international public policy specialist, with a focus on energy policy. She was awarded the Chevening Scholarship for a Masters in International Public Policy, Queen Mary, University of London. She received a distinction on her dissertation “Conflicting Goals? Assessing the Paris Agreement through the lens of Energy Security.”... She also holds two Bachelor’s degrees from Boston University in International Relations and Journalism.  In the past, she has worked on governance, water and energy security at the Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI). She was invited as a speaker at leading national conferences such as Pakistan Energy Forum, Sustainable Development Conference etc. She also led the energy policy advocacy strategy with press releases and interviews on national television. She has written on policy issues in Dawn,  The News,  South Asia  Magazine,  Express Tribune etc. Ms. Kamal's research interests include Energy and Climate Policy, Energy Security, Geopolitics of South Asia, and Sustainable Development.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Richard R. Shurtz, President, Stratford University, visits ITU along with a delegation. The visiting guests were received by Ms. Farzana Shahid and members of faculty-- Dr. Faisal Kamran, Dr. Agha Ali Raza and Dr. Saeed ul Hasan.  About Dr. Richard R. Shurtz:... Dr. Shurtz is President and CEO of Stratford University, headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia, a position he has held for over 30 years. Prior to Stratford University, Dr. Shurtz was Vice President of Physical Sciences for the BDM Corporation. Prior to BDM, he was a research physicist at the Night Vision Laboratory. Dr Shurtz’s research areas have included: Artificial Neural Systems, Semiconductor Lasers, Infrared Imaging, and Image Processing. He holds 15 patents and has authored 30 technical publications.
 Abstract: ... This paper presents experimental evaluation and comparative analysis on the use of various Machine Learning (ML) models for detecting Cache-based Side Channel Attacks (CSCAs) in Intel’s x86 architecture. The paper provides performance evaluation of ML models based on run-time detection accuracy, speed, computational overhead, and distribution of error in terms of false positives and false negatives. Experiments are performed using state-of-the-art CSCAs namely; Flush+Reload and Flush+Flush attacks, under realistic load conditions on RSA and AES crypto-systems. The paper provides quantitative & qualitative analysis of at least 12 ML models being used for CSCA detection for the first time. Author's Profile:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-khurram-bhatti/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Khurram Bhatti Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Agha Ali Raza (Principal Investigator) and Dr. Saeed ul Hassan (Co-Principal Investigator) have secured a grant awarded by Higher Education Commission of Pakistan (HEC).  It is titled, "National Research Program for Universities". The project is called: An AI based Automatic Urdu Plagiarism Detection Tool for Academia using Deep Learning and Big Data.  Profiles of Dr. Agha Ali Raza and Dr. Saeed ul Hassan can be viewed here under:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-agha-ali-raza/ https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-saeed-ul-hassan/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Agha Ali Raza Saeed Ul Hassan Faisal Kamran Tahir Parwaz
ITU Fintech Center's Research Project on Financial Frauds via Digital Media:  The Fintech Center at ITU is doing a qualitative study to understand people’s experiences with financial frauds, develop solutions, and highlight this issue with relevant authorities.  If you or anyone you know has experienced fraud over a phone call, SMS, or a banking fraud, please contact us at +92-314-4362352 and share your experience with us.  ... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Lubna Razaq Hamid Mehmood Tahir Parwaz ITU Fintech Center
 During the fellowship, FLPs learnt about Adaptive Leadership and how to design a social activism initiative in or...der to take concrete steps to lead change, and at the same time getting hands on experience in designing interventions in a group to implement in their respective campuses.  The students shared with their parents about their experience of the fellowship and their best memories. These young students highlighted the projects they have started in their own communities/schools/neighbourhood and how they will continue to work on them.  Lincoln Corner is the implementation partner in the 3 months fellowship and will be hosting all their future meet-ups as well.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Tahir Parwaz US Consulate General Lahore
 The students came from grades 5,7 and 8. It was an introductory session about making a circuit , and Arduino. The young students had an amazing time while learning about making circuits using Snap Circuits. They learnt how Makey Makey can produce music using... the human body as a conductor. They also got an introduction about basics to Arduino and the applications of technology in solving daily life problems. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid Tahir Parwaz US Consulate General Lahore
 Dr. Waseem Abbas, Assistant Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, published his research paper in 2018 IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC).  The paper is titled: On the Impact of Trusted Nodes in Resilient Distributed State Estimation of LTI Systems.  Abstract:  We address the problem of distributed state estimation of a linear dynamical process in an attack-prone environment. A network of sensors, some of which can be compromised by adversaries, aim to estimate the state of the process. In this context, we investigate the impact of making a small subset of the nodes immune to attacks, or “trusted”. Given a set of trusted nodes, we identify separate necessary and sufficient conditions for resilient distributed state estimation. We use such conditions to illustrate how even a small trusted set can achieve a desired degree of robustness (where the robustness metric is specific to the problem under consideration) that could otherwise only be achieved via additional measurement and communication-link augmentation. We then establish that, unfortunately, the problem of selecting trusted nodes is NP-hard. Finally, we develop an attack-resilient, provably-correct distributed state estimation algorithm that appropriately leverages the presence of the trusted nodes. Author's Profile:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-waseem-abbas/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Saira Rafique Tahir Parwaz
 Our worthy guests, including Dr. Sohail Munir and Mr. Wesam Lootah, visited ITU today. They paid a visit to Plan9 and PlanX  followed by a detailed meeting with senior members of faculty and university administration.  Dr. Faisal Kamiran and Dr. Saeed UL Hassan from the Department of Computer Science, and worthy Registrar Mr. Zaheer Sarwar presented ongoing projects at ITU and explored avenues of collaboration with the visiting guests.  Dr. Sohail Munir is Advisor for Emerging Technologies and Digital Transformation and Director of Smart Solutions Development at Smart Dubai. Dr. Munir is a seasoned industry professional with over twenty-three years of Entrepreneurial and Program Management experience in the space of GovTech, Smart City, Safe City, Digital Transformation, Digital ID, C4I Systems and FinTech.
 Dr. Suleman Mazhar, Assistant Professor at the Department of Computer Science, has published his work in IEEE International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging.  It is titled: Comparison of Fuzzy C-Means and Random Forest Based Nuclei Segmentation in Histology Images of Endometrial Hyperplasia.  Abstract:  Endometrial hyperplasia is an abnormal increase in number of cells in organs and tissues, resulting in abnormal organ and tissue growth. Different classification methods for endometrial hyperplasia rely on architectural (stroma and gland volume) and cytological (nuclei dimensions) features. This work compares nuclei segmentation using two methods: Fuzzy C-Means based approach and wavelets descriptor feature classification using random forest, resulting in segmentation accuracy of 85.56% and 90.65% respectively. Author's Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-suleman-mazhar/
 Dr. Muhammad Zubair, Assistant Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, has published his research paper in the journal:  IEEE Transactions on Electron. It is titled, "Fractional Fowler–Nordheim Law for Field Emission From Rough Surface With Nonparabolic Energy Dispersion".  Abstract: "The theories of field electron emission from perfectly planar and smooth canonical surfaces are well understood, but they are not suitable for describing em...ission from rough, irregular surfaces arising in modern nanoscale electron sources. Moreover, the existing models rely on Sommerfeld’s free-electron theory for the description of electronic distribution, which is not a valid assumption for modern materials with nonparabolic energy dispersion. In this paper, we derive analytically a generalized Fowler–Nordheim (FN)-type equation that considers the reduced space-dimensionality seen by the quantum mechanically tunneling electron at a rough, irregular emission surface. We also consider the effects of nonparabolic energy dispersion on field emission from narrow-gap semiconductors and few-layer graphene using Kane’s band model. The traditional FN equation is shown to be a limiting case of our model in the limit of a perfectly flat surface of a material with parabolic dispersion. The fractional dimension parameter used in this model can be experimentally calculated from appropriate current–voltage data plot. By applying this model to experimental data, the standard field-emission parameters can be deduced with better accuracy than by using the conventional FN equation." Author's Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-muhammad-zubair/
 Dr. Junaid Qadir, Associate Professor at the Department of  Electrical Engineering, has published his research paper: “FAdeML: Understanding the Impact of Pre-Processing Noise Filtering on Adversarial Machine Learning”, F. Khalid, M. A. Hanif, S. Rehman, J. Qadir, and Muhammad Shafique, 22nd Design, Automation and Test in Europe (DATE), March 2019.  Access the paper here: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Junaid_Qadir Author's Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-junaid-qadir/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Tahir Parwaz
 ITU Centre for Governance and Policy (CGP) successfully carried its tradition of pushing the intellectual discourse forward. The conference brought together authors, academics, journalists and researchers under one roof where they shared their nuanced perspectives. The array of interactive discussions revolved around politics, economy, history, media, women activism, and religion. Our worthy panelists raised critical issues and helped the participants make informed opinions regarding the subjects under discussion in each session.
 A quick glance from the second day of Afkar e Taza ThinkFest as various panels discuss their topics. One the sidelines, our panelists and guests engage in discussions and enjoy foods in grounds of the Alhamra. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz

Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan... Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Catch a glimpse of our panelists as they share their ideas and unique perspectives on a range of subjects.  Bring your friends and family. The event is open and free for all. See you tomorrow for another round.   Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Yaqoob Bangash Hajira Kureshi Syed Yasir Abbass Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
 Catch a glimpse of Afkar e Taza Thinkfest as exciting panel discussions take place at Alhamra Arts Council. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Yaqoob Bangash Hajira Kureshi Syed Yasir Abbass Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
 The festival is abuzz with students, journalists, authors, politicians, academics and people coming from various backgrounds. ... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Yaqoob Bangash Hajira Kureshi Syed Yasir Abbass Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 https://www.facebook.com/events/1973587326275774/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy #thinkfest
 Bringing you an exciting panel on 'Progressive Politics in Pakistan' with Akbar Zaidi, Aima Khosa, Afrasiab Khattak and Tooba Syed! Come, Think and Question this weekend at the Thinkfest Lahore happening at Alhamra on the 12th and 13th! https://www.facebook.com/events/1973587326275774/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy #thinkfest
 Happening this weekend in Thinkfest Lahore. Come to Alhamra Arts Council on the 12th and 13th of January and don't miss out! https://www.facebook.com/events/1973587326275774/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
 Do you want to understand the #metoo movement better? Come and hear out this awesome panel! ... Jamshed Qazi, Aisha Sarwari, Shaistaaziz and Marvia Malik Queen will all explore the debate between Victim or Fighter this weekend at Thinkfest, Lahore.  #thinkfest https://www.facebook.com/events/1973587326275774/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
 #thinkfest https://www.facebook.com/events/1973587326275774/ https://afkaretazathinkfest.com/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
 Nermeen Shaikh with Raza Rumi are talking about what happens when the media fails, this weekend at the Thinkfest happening in Lahore at Alhamra. Come hear them out!... #thinkfest https://www.facebook.com/events/1973587326275774/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
 Christine Corton along with Rafay Alam and Aalene Mahum Aneeq will talk about her book "London Fog" at the Thinkfest this weekend at Alhamra! #thinkfest https://www.facebook.com/events/1973587326275774/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz

 The visiting guest will talk about social entrepreneurship and research opportunities for students in Pakistan and abroad. He will also talk about exchange programs in general and exchange programs for PhD students in the US in particular. Dr. Shahid Qamar is Editorial Board Member of Advances in Computing. He is a Research Scientist, James Graham Brown Cancer Centre, University of Louisville, Kentucky, USA. ... He holds PhD Physics on "DNA Translocation Through a Molecular Nanopore, A Molecular Dynamic Study" from Arizona State University, USA. He also did MS Physics from Northeastern University, Boston and MS Physics, Ohio University, Athens Ohio. He has research experience of many years at several universities in the US. He is an entrepreneur with successful projects like TAKMIL "teach a kid, make individual life".  For external visitors,  your can register yourself here:  https://docs.google.com/…/1FAIpQLScTYZfLfXEQs3lYBQ…/viewform Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Saira Rafique Tahir Parwaz
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Information Technology University requires the services of qualified, energetic and self-motivated candidate on contract basis for HEC TDF funded project.  http://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-usman-younis/
 The paper is titled:  Transitions Between Zen (Me-)ontology and Sufi Poetry Rumi and the Dance of the Atoms. 
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
ITU welcomes Prof. Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar (SI) as the acting Vice Chancellor of Information Technology University of the Punjab (ITU).  Dr. Akhtar paid a visit to ITU today where he met with members of faculty and university administration. During his visit he learnt about the efforts of university's faculty and administration in making ITU a center of learning, research and teaching.  Dr. Niaz Ahmad Akhtar is currently serving as the 48th Vice Chancellor (VC) of the Punjab Un...iversity (PU). At ITU, he has assumed additional charge as VC.  Dr Akhtar has been a recipient of Sitara-e-Imtiaz. Previously he has served as the VC of the University of Engineering and Technology (UET), Taxila. He has also served as the Rector of the National Textile University, Faisalabad and Director of the Institute of Quality and Technology Management at the Punjab University.  Dr. Akhtar holds PhD in Chemical Engineering from the University of Leeds, UK. @zaheer.sarwar @farzana.shahid.5 @hajira.kureshi @tauseef.tauqeer @faisal.kamiran @saeedul.hassan.94 @syed.y.abbass @Tahir Parwaz
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
Admissions Open for EMBITE (Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship), a unique program designed for professionals who wish to develop or enhance tech-oriented management and entrepreneurial skills. For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz Adeel Ahmed
 Ms. Fatima Zaka and Dr. Shazib E. Shaikh from the School of Business and Management at ITU have published a chapter in the book: FinTech as a Disruptive Technology for Financial Institutions (Publisher: IGI Global, Pennsylvania, USA) By enabling better traceability of funds against specific assets, technologies should appeal to a significant segment of the lending market – one that is religiously conscientious. Such Islamic fintechs should therefore, be disruptive for the existing regime of Islamic Financial Services Institutions who have problems managing credit risk and compliance. Islamic financial instruments are no stranger to controversy. It emerged from the scandals that gaining investor confidence for Islamic financial instruments such as the Sukuk, which is the Islamic alternative to bonds and securities, investors demand more transparency in Sukuk to make sure they are Shariah-compliant, thus making traceability to assets an especial hindrance to current schemes of Sukuk. In this chapter, the authors will discuss how technology could be disruptive in Islamic banking and finance sector keeping Sukuk as a case. The authors will further elaborate on it by discussing our proposed model of blockchain that could solve the issue of traceability which could also boost investor confidence in Sukuk. Author Profiles:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/fatima-zaka/ https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-shazib-ehsan-shaikh/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Fatima Zaka Bashir Ahmad Khan Tahir Parwaz
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
ITU, HEC and Microsoft bring an amazing opportunity for members of faculty, staff and students.  You can now become a Microsoft Certified Office Specialist, an internationally recognized accreditation, by taking the exam that is free of cost. It requires no pre-requisites of age or academic requirements. 
 Dr. Ameer A. Basit, Assistant Professor at the School of Business and Management Sciences, has got his paper accepted for presentation at the 34th Annual Conference of the Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology, Washington DC, USA.  The paper is titled: How Does Political Skill Drive Engagement? The Role of Self-Esteem and Identification.  Author's Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-ameer-a-basit/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ameer A. Basit Tahir Parwaz
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
We are here with another interactive Facebook LIVE session with the faculty of Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Tahir Parwaz Adeel Ahmed
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Umar Safdar Bashir Ahmad Khan Tahir Parwaz
Research Publication:  Dr. Saeed UL Hassan, Director ITU Scientometrics Lab, has published his research paper. It is titled: Deep context of citations using machine-learning models in scholarly full-text articles.  Abstract:  Information retrieval systems for scholarly literature rely heavily not only on text matching but on semantic- and context-based features. Readers nowadays are deeply interested in how important an article is, its purpose and how influential it is in fol...low-up research work. Numerous techniques to tap the power of machine learning and artificial intelligence have been developed to enhance retrieval of the most influential scientific literature. In this paper, we compare and improve on four existing state-of-the-art techniques designed to identify influential citations. We consider 450 citations from the Association for Computational Linguistics corpus, classified by experts as either important or unimportant, and further extract 64 features based on the methodology of four state-of-the-art techniques. We apply the Extra-Trees classifier to select 29 best features and apply the Random Forest and Support Vector Machine classifiers to all selected techniques. Using the Random Forest classifier, our supervised model improves on the state-of-the-art method by 11.25%, with 89% Precision-Recall area under the curve. Finally, we present our deep-learning model, the Long Short-Term Memory network, that uses all 64 features to distinguish important and unimportant citations with 92.57% accuracy. Author's Profile:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-saeed-ul-hassan/ Access complete paper here: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11192-018-2944-y Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan Tahir Parwaz
Be ready with your queries regarding Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
Get ready to apply! Australia Awards Scholarships will be offered to professionals working in sectors that support Pakistan to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals, with a particular focus on gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls, agriculture and water security.
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Umar Safdar Bashir Ahmad Khan Tahir Parwaz
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Umar Safdar Bashir Ahmad Khan Tahir Parwaz
The Christmas Eve brings fond moment of happiness and rejoices at ITU!  Today senior faculty members and officials of university administration joined in and renewed their spirits in this festive season. They wished blessings and happiness to fellow colleagues and members of university staff.   This Christmas Eve provided for moments of happiness and laughter to everyone. In the spirit of the festive event and vows before the New Year, everyone wholeheartedly wished everyone happiness, unity and joy.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Yaqoob Bangash Syed Yasir Abbass Tahir Parwaz
Be ready with your queries regarding Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Waseem Abbas, Assistant Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, has published his research paper in IEEE International Conference on Industrial Internet (ICII). It is titled: Synergistic Security for the Industrial Internet of Things: Integrating Redundancy, Diversity and Hardening.  Author's Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-waseem-abbas/
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed Umar Safdar Bashir Ahmad Khan Tahir Parwaz
The Department of Computer Science at ITU hosted a guest talk by Dr. Arslan Munir.  It was titled: A Perspective of Safe and Secure Cyber-Physical Systems: From Hardware to AI.
Under the ongoing career counselling activities by the Academics Department at ITU, an interactive session was organized with Mr. Tayyab Aijaz (CEO- Roshan Packages Limited) as our guest speaker.   About the Speaker: Mr. Tayyab Aijaz Qureshi is a business graduate who started his professional career with Roshan Group. Currently, he is working as the CEO of Roshan Packages Ltd. He is also a founding director of PAMCO, a Punjab Agri-marketing company for three years. He is also... executive editor of Monthly Urdu digest and regular analyst and writer of current affairs. Mr. Tayyab is also the CEO and Director of Roshan Sun Tao Paper Mills, a joint venture between Roshan Packages Limited and Shandong Yongtai Paper Mills, a Chinese corrugated paper producer. The guest speaker's session was hosted by Director Academics at ITU, Ms. Farzana Shahid, in partnership with Career Pakistan’s Talk World Program. About ‘Talk World’: Talk World is a platform for professionals of action to spread their knowledge in the form of talk sessions and interact with students at their educational institutions. Talk World now has over 500+ established speakers on its panel ranging from senior management of Corporations including CEOs, as well country representatives of leading multinational NGOs and dignitaries including Ambassadors from 20 countries. The program has hosted talks in universities across Pakistan.
Research Publication:  Dr. Muhammad Zubair, Assistant Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, has published his research paper in the journal: AIP: Journal of Applied Physics (also selected as Editor's Pick). The paper is titled: Fractional Fresnel coefficients for optical absorption in femtosecond laser-induced rough metal surfaces.  Abstract: " The surface morphology of metal influences its optical absorptivity. Recent experiments have demonstrated that the f...emtosecond laser induced surface structures on metals could be dynamically controlled by the fluence of laser and the number of pulses. In this paper, we formulate an analytical model to calculate the optical absorption of a rough metallic surface by modeling the roughness as a fractal slab. For a given experimental image of the surface roughness, we characterize the roughness with a fractal parameter by using the box-counting method. With this parameter as an input, we calculate the absorption of an 800 nm laser pulse impinging on gold, copper, and platinum, and the calculated results show excellent agreements. In terms of physics, our model can be viewed as a fractional version of the Fresnel coefficients, and it will be useful for designing suitable surface structures to tune the light absorption on metals from purely reflective to highly absorptive based on different applications." Author's Profile:   https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-muhammad-zubair/ The paper is available online: https://doi.org/10.1063/1.5039811 Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tauseef Tauqeer Tahir Parwaz
ECLab at ITU hosted a Research Seminar on Information Security. The seminar consisted of two guest talks as follows.  Speaker: Dr. Guy Gogniat, Vice-President University of South Brittany, UBS, France 
 About the Speaker: Mr. Tayyab Aijaz Qureshi is a business graduate who started his professional career with Roshan Group. Currently, he is working as the CEO of Roshan Packages Ltd. He is also a founding director of PAMCO, a Punjab Agri-marketing company for three years. He is also executive editor of Monthly Urdu digest and regular analyst and writer of current affairs. Mr. Tayyab is also the CEO and Director of Roshan Sun Tao Paper Mills, a joint venture between Roshan Packages Limited and Shandong Yongtai Paper Mills, a Chinese corrugated paper producer. About ‘Talk World’: Talk World is a platform for professionals of action to spread their knowledge in the form of talk sessions and interact with students at their educational institutions. Talk World now has over 500+ established speakers on its panel ranging from senior management of Corporations including CEOs, as well country representatives of leading multi-national NGOs and dignitaries including Ambassadors from 20 countries. The program has hosted talks in universities across Pakistan. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Shahid Nadeem Tahir Parwaz
Glimpses from the faculty talk by Dr. Nasir Rajpoot hosted at ITU.  Topic: Cancer Image Analytics Speaker's Profile: ... Nasir Rajpoot is Professor in Computational Pathology at the University of Warwick, where started his academic career as a Lecturer (Assistant Professor) in 2001. He was recently awarded the Wolfson Fellowship by the UK Royal Society and the Turing Fellowship by the Alan Turing Institute, the UK's national data science institute. At Warwick, he is the founding Head of Tissue Image Anayltics (TIA) lab since 2012. He also holds an Honorary Scientist position at the Department of Pathology, University Hospitals Coventry & Warwickshire NHS Trust since 2016. The focus of current research in his lab is on developing novel computational pathology algorithms with applications to computer-assisted grading of cancer and image-based markers for prediction of cancer progression and survival. Prof Rajpoot has been active in the digital pathology community for almost a decade now, having co-chaired several meetings in the histology image analysis (HIMA) series since 2008 and served as a founding PC member of the SPIE Digital Pathology meeting since 2012. He was the General Chair of the UK Medical Image Understanding and Analysis (MIUA) conference in 2010, and the Technical Chair of the British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC) in 2007. He has guest edited a special issue of Machine Vision and Applications on Microscopy Image Analysis and its Applications in Biology in 2012, and a special section on Multivariate Microscopy Image Analysis in the IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging in 2010. He is a Senior Member of IEEE and member of the ACM, the British Association of Cancer Research (BACR), the European Association of Cancer Research (EACR), and the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO). He will be chairing the European Congress on Digital Pathology (ECDP) at Warwick in 2019. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Mohsen Ali Tahir Parwaz
#HappeningNow Research seminar organized by ECLab kicks off at ITU. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Khurram Bhatti Tahir Parwaz
 He recently joined Hult Prize Pakistan Board as a Mentor and Advisor. He has been selected for this honorary position due to his vast experience and expertise in the field of Digital Financial Services and his efforts towards creation & promotion of a social and financial eco system for the underserved people of Pakistan. He represented Pakistan at the recently held Hult Prize Finals at the United Nations Headquarters. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Lubna Razaq Tahir Parwaz Hamid Mehmood ITU Fintech Center
 Author's Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-ameer-a-basit/... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Ameer A. Basit Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Usman Younis, Assistant Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, has published his research paper in the Journal of Physics Communications. It is titled: Towards low-loss waveguides in SOI and Ge-on-SOI for mid-IR sensing.  Abstract: ... Silicon-on-insulator is an attractive choice for developing mid-infrared photonic integrated circuits. It benefits from mature fabrication technologies and integration with on-chip electronics. We report the development of SOI channel and rib waveguides for mid-infrared wavelengths centered at 3.7 μm. Propagation loss of ~1.44 dB/cm and ~1.2 dB/cm has been measured for TE and TM polarizations in channel waveguides, respectively. Similarly, propagation loss of ~1.39 dB/cm and ~2.82 dB/cm has been measured for TE and TM polarized light in rib waveguides. The propagation loss is consistent with the measurements obtained using a different characterization setup and for the same waveguide structures on a different chip. Given the tightly confined single-mode in our 400 nm thick Si core, this propagation loss is among the lowest losses reported in literature. We also report the development of Ge-on-SOI strip waveguides for mid-infrared wavelengths centered at 3.7 μm. Minimum propagation loss of ~8 dB/cm has been measured which commensurate with that required for high power mid-infrared sensing. Ge-on-SOI waveguides provide an opportunity to realize monolithically integrated circuit with on-chip light source and photodetector. Author's Profile:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-usman-younis/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Usman Younis Tahir Parwaz
 ECLab at ITU is hosting a Research Seminar on Information Security. The seminar consists of two guest talks as follows. 
 Event: Cancer Image Analytics Date: Wednesday, 19th December Time: 6:00PM- 7:00PM... Venue: 6th floor auditorium, Information Technology University, ASTP Speaker's Profile:  Nasir Rajpoot is Professor in Computational Pathology at the University of Warwick, where started his academic career as a Lecturer (Assistant Professor) in 2001. He was recently awarded the Wolfson Fellowship by the UK Royal Society and the Turing Fellowship by the Alan Turing Institute, the UK's national data science institute. At Warwick, he is the founding Head of Tissue Image Anayltics (TIA) lab since 2012. He also holds an Honorary Scientist position at the Department of Pathology, University Hospitals Coventry & Warwickshire NHS Trust since 2016. The focus of current research in his lab is on developing novel computational pathology algorithms with applications to computer-assisted grading of cancer and image-based markers for prediction of cancer progression and survival. Prof Rajpoot has been active in the digital pathology community for almost a decade now, having co-chaired several meetings in the histology image analysis (HIMA) series since 2008 and served as a founding PC member of the SPIE Digital Pathology meeting since 2012. He was the General Chair of the UK Medical Image Understanding and Analysis (MIUA) conference in 2010, and the Technical Chair of the British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC) in 2007. He has guest edited a special issue of Machine Vision and Applications on Microscopy Image Analysis and its Applications in Biology in 2012, and a special section on Multivariate Microscopy Image Analysis in the IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging in 2010. He is a Senior Member of IEEE and member of the ACM, the British Association of Cancer Research (BACR), the European Association of Cancer Research (EACR), and the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO). He will be chairing the European Congress on Digital Pathology (ECDP) at Warwick in 2019. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Mohsen Ali Tahir Parwaz
 He recently joined Hult Prize Pakistan Board as a Mentor and Advisor. He has been selected for this honorary position due to his vast experience and expertise in the field of Digital Financial Services and his efforts towards creation & promotion of a social and financial eco system for the underserved people of Pakistan. He represented Pakistan at the recently held Hult Prize Finals at the United Nations Headquarters. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Lubna Razaq Tahir Parwaz Hamid Mehmood
 The Department of Computer Science at ITU is hosting a guest talk by Dr. Arslan Munir. It is titled: A Perspective of Safe and Secure Cyber-Physical Systems: From Hardware to AI.   Abstract: The applications of cyber-physical systems (CPS) have proliferated in a variety of domains, such as smart grid, medical monitoring, transportation, autonomous vehicles, robotics, industrial control systems, and new applications of CPS are being envisioned. Many of the CPS app...
 Dr. Maryam Mustafa, Director Interactive Media Lab and Assistant Professor at ITU, in collaboration with FinTech center ITU,  has got her paper accepted at 2019 ACM SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI 2019).  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-maryam-mustafa/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi @Maryam Mustafa Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Agha Ali Raza, Director CSalt Lab and Assistant Professor at ITU, has got his paper accepted at 2019 ACM SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI 2019). The paper is titled: Voice-Based Quizzes for Measuring Knowledge Retention in Hard-to-Reach Populations.  Authors: Agha Ali Raza, Zain Tariq, Shan Randhawa, Bilal Saleem, Awais Athar, Umar Saif, Roni Rosenfeld https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-agha-ali-raza/
Dr. Ali Ahmed, Director of Signal Processing and Information Decoding Research (SPIDER) Lab, Information Technology University, attended NIPS conference in Canada, where he presented his two papers, one of which was also selected for the competitive spotlight position. Apart from this, two papers by the research associates, Fahad Shamshad, Muhammad Asim, and Muhammad Awais in the SPIDER lab were accepted in ML4H NIPS workshop. This makes it the largest ever presence from Paki...stan in the prestigious NIPS conference. Historically, Pakistan had only two papers in NIPS since its inception. Other neighboring countries, for example, India has a large presence in NIPS with multiple Indian scientists working on the frontiers on AI, and machine learning. SPIDER lab is actively working in the areas of machine learning, signal processing, and artificial intelligence and publishing in top-tier venues such as Transactions on Information Theory, NIPS, Transactions Signal Processing, Wireless Communication letters, ICASSP, etc. For further information about the lab: visit www.spider.itu.edu.pk. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi @Ali Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
IEEE ITU Student Branch organized a hands-on WordPress workshop.  Bilal Hafeez, Computer Science Student at ITU and WordPress expert, spoke about the evolution of Content Management Systems and the dramatic adoption of WordPress. 
Dr. Khurram Bhatti, Director of Embedded Computing Lab and Assistant Professor at ITU, will be speaking as an Invited Speaker at the 16th IEEE International conference on Frontiers of Information Technology (FIT'18), to be held on December 17-19, 2018, Islamabad, Pakistan. He will present some of the latest research work done at ITU related to Hardware Security in modern computing systems. ITU is a partner institute in Pakistan's first National Center of excellence in Cyber Security (NCCS). The ECLab-ITU, lead by Dr. Khurram Bhatti, has been working on various aspects of information security in the Embedded and Cloud computing systems. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Khurram Bhatti Tahir Parwaz
ITU is offering the Citizen Journalism Residency Program. It is supported by the U.S. Embassy in partnership with the Pakistan-U.S. Alumni Network (PUAN). The program is aimed at providing citizen journalism training to youth from Punjab and developing the first-ever citizen journalism group.  30 individuals (15 male and 15 female) will be selected for the program. Eligibility: All applicants fulfilling the following conditions are eligible for the program:... – Age between 19 and 25 at the time of the residency program – Available to attend the entire program period from February 4th to February 9th, 2019 in Lahore. (Note that this time is fixed and cannot be changed)  – Basic proficiency of the English Language Benefits: - A fully-funded one-week residency program  - Accommodation & Food for 6 days  - Round trip fare up to maximum PKR 3000 To submit your application, please visit: www.subbolo.com Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Zeeshan Ahmad Tahir Parwaz
We are here with an interactive Facebook LIVE session with the faculty and students of Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Tahir Parwaz Adeel Ahmed
Catch us LIVE on Facebook for an interactive session with the faculty and students of Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar... Tahir Parwaz Adeel Ahmed
This is what it looks like when we step away from our laptops and note sheets. Dr. Tauseef Tauqeer was seen running towards Yadgaar-e-Pakistan ;) and staff was heard singing the national anthem at the top of their lungs. Iqbal was recited outside his mazaar while Ms. Hajira Kureshi called a random number saying 'aap humain bilkul pasand nahin aye' :D The streets of the walled city were taken over by the ITU family - a battle of wit, rangeela rickshaw races, a bit of role play... while everyone hunted for the final clue.  
Be ready with your queries regarding Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Tahir Parwaz Adeel Ahmed
Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Umar Safdar Adeel Ahmed
 Author's Profile: ... https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-khurram-bhatti/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Khurram Bhatti @Tufeeq Tauqeer Tahir Parwaz
ITU Centre for Governance and Policy today hosted a guest lecture by Dr. Alice Baillat on "Can vulnerable nations be weak climate leaders?' Dr. Alice Baillat holds PhD in Political Science and International Relations from Sciences Po Paris. She is a Specialist of the geopolitics of climate change and currently working as a Research Fellow at IRIS. She joined IRIS in January 2017 to work within the new Observatoire geopolitique des enjeux des changements cli...matiques en termes de defense et de securite. She has also been teaching International Environmental Politics at Sciences Po Paris. Dr. Baillat’s research deals with migratory and security consequences of climate change and international climate negotiations. Her articles and book chapters include L’environment, a book edited by Francois Gemenne and published by Les Presses de Sciences Po in 2015. She has co-authored a book chapter on the framing of migration and security issues during the COP21 in the book Globalising the Climate. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Waqas Halim Tahir Parwaz
Information Technology University features in a program called "Destination Francophonie".  The French TV Channel "TV5Monde" did an episode on Pakistan and Pak-French cooperation in the field of higher education. ITU has featured in this program as a representative higher education institution of Pakistan, which is collaborating with France. The world-wide broadcast of the program took place in the summer of 2018!  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Khurram Bhatti Tahir Parwaz
ITU Centre for Governance and Policy is hosting a talk by Dr. Alice Baillat on "Can vulnerable nations be weak climate leaders?' Dr. Alice Baillat holds PhD in Political Science and International Relations from Sciences Po Paris. She is a Specialist of the geopolitics of climate change and currently working as a Research Fellow at IRIS. She joined IRIS in January 2017 to work within the new Observatoire geopolitique des enjeux des changements climatiques en... termes de defense et de securite. She has also been teaching International Environmental Politics at Sciences Po Paris. Dr. Baillat’s research deals with migratory and security consequences of climate change and international climate negotiations. Her articles and book chapters include L’environment, a book edited by Francois Gemenne and published by Les Presses de Sciences Po in 2015. She has co-authored a book chapter on the framing of migration and security issues during the COP21 in the book Globalising the Climate. Note: Kindly inbox us your name and CNIC at least one hour before the event so we could facilitate your entry at ASTP. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Waqas Halim Tahir Parwaz
 JMM is an Australian Business Deans Council (ABDC) A-ranked journal with an impact factor of 2.23 (source: https://www.tandfonline.com/toc/rjmm20/current).  Author's profile:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/ateeq-abdul-rauf/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Tahir Parwaz
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Adeel Ahmed Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Umar Janjua, Assistant Professor at the department of Computer Science, has published his research paper in the journal: US Patent Application Publication. It is titled, "Evolving a signature during trust verification of an object".  Background: ... A cryptographic signature can be used to verify the trust of an object such as a certificate (e.g., of a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) site), an executable file, or user credentials. A cryptographic signature is typically static, and therefore, unchangeable. Consequently, if a determination is made that the cryptographic signature is no longer valid (e.g., the cryptographic signature is revoked, expired, and/or includes a weakness such as a broken algorithm or an insufficient key length), the process being implemented to verify the trust of the object using the cryptographic signature fails (e.g., is unable to be successfully completed). As a result, entities that create and/or submit the cryptographic signature to a trust verification entity in accordance with a trust verification request of an object are notified of the failed trust verification process and are subsequently tasked with additional work to create a new cryptographic signature that can be re-submitted and used to verify the trust of the object via a subsequent trust verification process. This additional work due to the inability of the trust verification entity to complete the initial trust verification process due to an invalid cryptographic signature typically requires human intervention and/or often delays requested device and/or network functionality, which can frustrate a user experience, for example. Author's Profile:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-umar-janjua/
Admissions Open for Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship (EMBITE). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Bashir Ahmad Khan Adeel Ahmed
Lincoln Corner Lahore organized a session on cyber security in collaboration with the U.S. Consulate Lahore to mark the #16DaysofActivism against gender-based violence.  Digital Rights expert Mr. Talal Raza talked about variety of online harassment and threats that affect women, men, and children, and how to counter them through timely reporting. Mr. Raza is a part of a non-profit called Media Matters for Democracy that is an organisation of journalists geared towards media, ...digital rights advocacy, research, internet governance,  media and information literacy. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Sana Khalid US Consulate General Lahore Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Waseem Abbas, Assistant Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, has published his research paper in the journal: 2018 Annual American Control Conference (ACC). It is titled, "A Connectivity Preserving Framework for Distributed Motion Coordination in Proximity Networks".  Abstract: ... A necessary condition for global performance guarantees in most of the motion coordination algorithms is connectivity of the underlying network topology. In proximity networks, connectivity maintenance becomes critical because the neighborhood set of each agent is dynamic and depends on the locations of all the other agents in the network. We present an efficient framework for distributed motion coordination in proximity networks. The proposed framework relies on identifying agents in a so called weakly connected dominating (WCD) set of the underlying network graph. Maintaining only the edges incident to the agents in WCD, which we call as critical edges, preserves the connectivity of the overall network. The proposed framework is presented in the context of rendezvous problem, which is selected because of its canonical importance in distributed systems with mobile agents. We propose a controller that drives all the agents to a common point by preserving the critical edges only. The proposed scheme is robust to failure of edges that are not critical and nodes that do not belong to WCD. Moreover, it performs well in terms of energy consumption and computational complexity. Author's Profile:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-waseem-abbas/ Please access complete paper here: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8431056/metrics#metrics Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi @tauseef tauqeer Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Junaid Qadir, Associate Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, has published his research paper in the journal: IEEE Access. It is titled, "RL-Budget: A Learning-Based Cluster Size Adjustment Scheme for Cognitive Radio Networks".  Abstract: ... Cognitive radio (CR) enables unlicensed users to sense for and access underutilized licensed channels (or white spaces) owned by the licensed users in an opportunistic manner. Clustering segregates nodes in a network into logical groups called clusters. In CR networks (CRNs), larger cluster size improves network scalability thereby contributing to reduced routing overhead; however, it reduces cluster stability as the number of available common channels in a cluster reduces resulting in increased number of re-clusterings and clustering overhead. This paper presents our proposed first-of-its-kind cluster size adjustment scheme based on an artificial intelligence approach called reinforcement learning. The proposed scheme adapts the cluster size with the amount of white spaces as time goes by in order to improve network scalability and cluster stability in CRNs. Due to the lack of progress in the investigation of cluster size adjustment schemes in the literature, this paper also analyzes their attributes, and then presents such schemes investigated in various kinds of distributed wireless networks. Simulation results show that our proposed scheme improves network scalability by creating larger clusters, and improves cluster stability by reducing the number of re-clusterings (i.e., the number of cluster splits) and clustering overhead, while reducing interference between licensed and unlicensed users in CRNs. Author's Profile:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-junaid-qadir/
Lincoln Corner Lahore is observing 16 Days of Activism. The campaign kicked off with the screening of Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy's documentary 'A Girl in the River: the Price of Forgiveness.'
Admissions Open for EMBITE (Executive MBA in Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship). For admissions, please visit:  https://itu.edu.pk/admissions/embite/ Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Adeel Ahmed
Catch a glimpse of presentations by our students during "The Making of the Contemporary World" course.  It is a new course taught by Mr. Waqas Halim. This interdisciplinary course focuses on intellectual history of ideas and aims to help students understand the processes of societal transformation.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Waqas Halim Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Saeed UL Hassan, Assistant Professor at the Department of Computer Science, has published his research paper in the journal: Behaviour & Information Technology. The paper is titled, "A bibliometric perspective of learning analytics research landscape".  Author's Profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-saeed-ul-hassan/ Please access complete paper here: https://www.tandfonline.com/…/abs/10.…/0144929X.2018.1467967 Abstract:  Learning analytics is an emerging field of research, motivated by the wide spectrum of the available educational information that can be analysed to provide a data-driven decision about various learning problems. This study intends to examine the research landscape of learning analytics to deliver a comprehensive understanding of the research activities in this multidisciplinary field, using scientific literature from the Scopus database. An array of state-of-the-art bibliometric indices is deployed on 2811 procured publication datasets: publication counts, citation counts, co-authorship patterns, citation networks and term co-occurrence. The results indicate that the field of learning analytics appears to have been instantiated around 2011; thus, before this time period no significant research activity can be observed. The temporal evolution indicates that the terms ‘students’, ‘teachers’, ‘higher education institutions’ and ‘learning process’ appear to be the major components of the field. More recent trends in the field are the tools that tap into Big Data analytics and data mining techniques for more rational data-driven decision-making services. A future direction research depicts a need to integrate learning analytics research with multidisciplinary smart education and smart library services. The vision towards smart city research requires a meta-level of smart learning analytics value integration and policy-making. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Saeed Ul Hassan Tahir Parwaz
ITU takes pride in providing its students with platforms for extra-curricular activities where they can take part and showcase their talent.  As ITU Sports Week kicks off, catch glimpses from the closing ceremony of intra-university cricket fest held today.  Director Academics, Ms. Farzana Shahid, graced the occasion with her  presence as chief guest. She rewarded winning and runner-up team captains with trophies. ... Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
ITU Sports Week kicked off today with initial faceoffs in cricket matches. Catch glimpses of our students and members of faculty from the cricket field as it happens.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
Information Technology University today organized Mehfil-e-Milad-un-Nabi (S.A.W).  The event marked religious fervour and enthusiasm where participants offered naats. Students and members of university staff attended and participated in the Mehfil.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Syed Yasir Abbass  Tahir Parwaz
ITU Centre for Governance and Policy is hosting a guest talk on 'China and USA relations with India and Pakistan'.  Our visiting speaker Dr. Dietrich Reetz from Freie University, Germany will join us on Tuesday, November 20th, 2018.  About the Speaker 1975, MA in International Relations, focused on South Asia; 1987, PhD in South Asian History and Pakistan, Humboldt University, Berlin; 2003, postdoctoral degree in Political Science, Free University, Berlin. Since 1992, conduct...ing project research at Leibniz-Zentrum Moderner Orient, focusing on the politics and history of South Asia, in particular Pakistan, with special emphasis on Islamic mobilization in the region, and also on global Muslim networking with regard to Europe, Central Asia, South-East Asia. Active in research and consultancy on South Asia. Lecturer and Academic Supervisor, Free University Berlin. Author. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Waqas Halim Tahir Parwaz ITU Centre for Governance and Policy
With latest news and analyses from the world of science and technology, MIT Technology Review Pakistan presents you today's news bulletin: Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
Head of Computer Science Department at ITU, Dr, Faisal Kamran, presented his paper, "Overlapping Toxic Sentiment Classification using Deep Neural Architectures" at ICDM conference in Singapore.  Abstract:  We are living in an era where data is enjoying an unprecedented increase in its volume in each passing moment through online media platforms. Such a colossal amount of data is multifarious... in its nature where textual data proves to be its vital pillar. Almost every sort of online media platform is producing textual data. Short posts (i.e. Twitter and Facebook) and comments constitute a significant part of this textual data. Unfortunately, this text data may contain overlapping toxic sentiments in terms of personal attacks, abuses, obscenity, insults, threats or identity hatred. In many cases, it becomes extremely important to track such toxic posts/data to trigger needed actions e.g. automated tagging of posts as inappropriate. State-of-the-art classification techniques do not handle the overlapping sentiment categories of text data. In this paper, we propose Deep Neural Network (DNN) architectures to classify the overlapping sentiments with high accuracy. Moreover, we show that our proposed classification framework does not require any laborious text pre-processing and is capable of handling text pre-processing (e.g. stop word removal, feature engineering, etc.) intrinsically. Our empirical validation on a real world dataset supports our claims by showing the superior performance of the proposed methods. Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Faisal Kamran Tahir Parwaz
With latest news and analyses from the world of science and technology, MIT Technology Review Pakistan presents you today's news bulletin: Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
 Dr. Usman Younis, Assistant Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering, has published his research paper in the journal: Advanced Photonics 2018 (BGPP, IPR, NP, NOMA, Sensors, Networks, SPPCom, SOF), OSA Technical Digest (online) (Optical Society of America, 2018). The paper is titled, "Towards High Coupling Efficiency Integrated 2D Meta-surface Waveguide Coupler for Mid-IR Wavelengths".  Abstract: ... Abstract Integrated 2D meta-surface waveguide coupler for 3.8 μm has been designed. The optimization in period and radius has been achieved using FDTD. The calculated coupling efficiency in the in-plane waveguide for the out-of-plane illumination is ~98%. Author's profile: https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-usman-younis/
 Ms. Iqra Safder is working under the supervision of Dr. Saeed ul Hassan at ITU's Scientometrics Lab.  Iqra Safder, S Hassan, “DS4A: Deep Search System for Algorithms from Full-text Scholarly Big Data”, International Conference on Data Mining Workshops (ICDMW), Singapore, 2018.  Iqra Safder, S Hassan, N R. Aljohani , “AI cognition to Search for Relevant Knowledge from Scholarly Big Data using Multilayer Perceptron and RCNN Model”, The World Wide Web (WWW) in Cognitive Computing Track, Lyon, France, 2018.  Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Saeed Ul Hassan Faisal Kamran Tahir Parwaz

Paper Presentation:  Dr. Hina Khalid, Assistant Professor in the department of Economics, presented her paper in the Third Symposium on Global Health Policy: Advancing Health Policy Process Research.  Abstract:  HIV stigma is a barrier in HIV testing and treatment worldwide, yet research on how the disease is understood has focused on countries where the primary mode of transmission is sexual. Little attention has being given to disease understanding in countries where inject...ing drug users (IDUs) are the main vectors of disease transmission. I focus on Pakistan and examine how HIV and viral hepatitis, diseases that are predominantly spread through injection drug use yet experience varying levels of stigma, are understood, what stigma means and the consequences stigma has for HIV programs seeking to provide services to people living with HIV (PLHIV).  This is a multi-method study. To determine the key frames used for understanding HIV and viral hepatitis in Pakistani newspapers, I did a content analysisof a random sample of newspaper articles by developing a fixed-coding guide.To develop a deeper, qualitative understanding of how the diseases are understood and what stigma means I usedthematic analysis of newspaper articles andconducted 29 key informant interviewswith health experts across the four provinces in Pakistan. Themes for the thematic newspaper analysis and interviews were identified inductively. The findings highlight that although both diseases are spread through IDUs there is a difference in how they are understood; hepatitis is understood only as medical disease but HIV becomes a stigmatizing character trait. Therefore, PLHIV hide their HIV status while those with viral hepatitis do not. HIV is stigmatized by attributing it to immoral, un-Islamic behavior (extra-marital sex and homosexuality) and by linking it to death. The findings suggest a need to develop a counter narrative which emphasizes that HIV, like viral hepatitis, is a medical illness.  Author's Profile:  https://itu.edu.pk/faculty-itu/dr-hina-khalid/ Umar Saif Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi Tahir Parwaz
With latest news and analyses from the world of science and technology, MIT Technology Review Pakistan presents you today's news bulletin: Umar Saif Zaheer Sarwar Farzana Shahid Hajira Kureshi TaHir Khattak
Post
Post
 Registration link: https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/


#NET1 #NUSTEntryTest_1 2019  Registration Started  Last date 18 Dec. 2018  Details:  NUST EntryTest 1 (2019)
NUST EntryTest 1 (2019) Online registration for NET-2019 (series-1) will remain open from 18 Nov to 18 Dec 2018.  Tests will be from 28 Dec 2018 onwards.(on Computers)  Stay Connected to NUST Entry Test Registration Details: https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/


 Admission/Registration Details: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ Fee = Rs.7000/- Only (one time)  NO monthly Fee , NO hidden Charges  After admission a proper account will be given to you having all the lectures and Practice Tests. Including MCQ's Hints, Tricks and Explanations  Incase of any questions feel free to inbox NUST Entry Test
NUST Entry Test 2018 #NUSTEntryTest #NET3 Registrations Started:  Last Date of Registration= 20 June 2018  Registration details: https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/ Share with maximum
NUST Entry Test 2018  Registration For Online Entry Test Preparation classes Started. After admission a proper account will be given to you having all the lectures and Practice Tests. Including MCQ's Hints, Tricks and Explanations  Admission/Registration Details: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ We provide Complete Entry Test Preparation of #ETEA #NUST #NUMS #MDCAT #ECAT #FMDC #DOW #NED #GIKI #PIEAS #ENTRYTESTS2018 Guaranteed Success
#NUMS #CMHKharian #MBBS Admissions
NUST Entry Test 2018  Online Preparation Classes:  Registration For Online Entry Test Preparation classes Started.    We will update your account time to time with more lectures, Practice tests, Short notes and MCQ's Hints, Tricks, Explanations according to the demands of Entry Test 2018 Admission/Registration Details: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ We provide Complete Entry Test Preparation of #ETEA #NUST #NUMS #MDCAT #ECAT #FMDC #DOW #NED #GIKI #PIEAS #ENTRYTESTS2018 Guaranteed Success  #ENGEECONOnlineAcademy #NET2018 #NUSTEntryTest
Which of the following has the largest number of atoms ?  A. 0.5g atom of Cu  B. 0.635g of Cu C. 0.25 moles of Cu atom  D. 1 g of Cu
NUST Entry Test 2018  Online Entry Test Preparation  Physics DEMO Lecture, Chapter 1 Part 6 Registration For Online Entry Test Preparation classes Started. After Admission/Registration a proper account will be given to you having all the lectures, Practice Tests, MCQ's Explanations, MCQ's solving Hints and Tricks. Admission/Registration Details: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ Complete Entry Test Preparation of  #ETEA #NUST #NUMS #MDCAT #ECAT #FMDC #DOW #NED #GIKI #PIEAS #ENTRYTESTS2018  Guaranteed Success #ENGEECONOnlineAcademy
NUST Entry Test 2018 Online Entry Test Preparation  Physics DEMO Lecture, Chapter 1 Part 5 Registration For Online Entry Test Preparation classes Started. After Admission/Registration a proper account will be given to you having all the lectures, Practice Tests, MCQ's Explanations, MCQ's solving Hints and Tricks. Admission/Registration Details: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ Complete Entry Test Preparation of  #ETEA #NUST #NUMS #MDCAT #ECAT #FMDC #DOW #NED #GIKI #PIEAS #ENTRYTESTS2018  Guaranteed Success #ENGEECONOnlineAcademy
NUST Entry Test 2018  Online Entry Test Preparation  Physics DEMO Lecture, Chapter 1 Part 3 Registration For Online Entry Test Preparation classes Started. After Admission/Registration a proper account will be given to you having all the lectures, Practice Tests, MCQ's Explanations, MCQ's solving Hints and Tricks. Admission/Registration Details: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ Complete Entry Test Preparation of  #ETEA #NUST #NUMS #MDCAT #ECAT #FMDC #DOW #NED #GIKI #PIEAS #ENTRYTESTS2018  Guaranteed Success #ENGEECONOnlineAcademy
Online Entry Test Classes  NUST Entry Test 2018 Physics DEMO Lecture, Chapter 1 Part 2 Registration For Online Entry Test Preparation classes Started. After Admission/Registration a proper account will be given to you having all the lectures, Practice Tests, MCQ's Explanations, MCQ's solving Hints and Tricks. Admission/Registration Details: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ Complete Entry Test Preparation of  #ETEA #NUST #NUMS #MDCAT #ECAT #FMDC #DOW #NED #GIKI #PIEAS #ENTRYTESTS2018  Guaranteed Success #ENGEECONOnlineAcademy


NUST Entry Test How many of you Registered yourselves for NET2  Comment your City  Last date of Registration = 15 March 2018
NUST Entry Test #NET2 Updates  Online Registration for NET-2018 (Series-2) will remain open from 12 Feb to 15 March 2018. Computer based tests will commence from 27 March 2018 onwards. Paper based test will commence from 31 March to 1 April 2018. Details: https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/
#NET2 NUST Entry Test Series -2  Updates  Registration Dates: 12 Feb - 15 Mar 2018  (KPK+Punjab) Islamabad Test Dates: 27 Mar 2018 onwards  (Sindh)Karachi + (Balochistan) Quetta: 01-02 Apr 2018 Thanks

NUST Entry Test NUST Announced 1st Merit List for Undergraduate Programs. https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/result/meritsearch.aspx Entry Test Training
NUST Entry Test NUST uploaded the merit positions for all fields except Bio Sciences. You have time till 31st of July to update your preferences. Check your merit position here: http://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/ Comment below your Marks & merit number in the comments Entry Test Training
Online registration for NUST Entry Test 2017 ( Series-3 ) for UG Programmes has been re-opened from 3 to 5 July 2017 with late registration fee of Rs.5000/- (or $55) per program. Apply Now : https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/ NUST Entry Test
NUMS Entry Test 2017 Updates:  Online Registration For NUMS Entry Test will start From= 2nd July 2017  Last Date of Online Registration: 31 July 2017  NUMS Entr...y Test will be on : 27 August 2017  #MBBS #BDS  #Programs #Colleges/Institutes Under #NUMS:  https://www.facebook.com/…/a.599328976887…/842663972553799/… How To Apply For NUMS Entry Test  Paper Format NUMS Entry Test will be conducted in the following Cities https://www.facebook.com/…/a.599328976887…/842665745886955/… Stay Connected to NUMS Entry Test Training {@NUMSEntryTestTraining} For latest Updates Event page--> NUMS Entry Test 2017
ETEA GIKI NUST NUMS Physics MCQ's (Entry Test) Engeecon Academy Tutorial ... Register yourself For Online EntryTest Preparation All the lectures/Tutorials Will ...be in your account  Admission/Registration Procedure: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ More DEMO lectures:http://www.engeecon.com/demo/  Helpful links:  Entry Test Training. ETEA Guideline . NUST Entry Test . NUMS Entry Test Training #ETEA #MDCAT #ECAT #NUST #NUMS #PIEAS #GIKI #NED #DOW
These MCQ's Repeated many Times in Entry Tests. Physics Hints and Tricks. This Tutorial/lecture is taken by Engeecon Academy  For Full course video lectures Reg...ister Yourself for the Online Entry Test Classes.  Admission Procedure: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ ~Your Classes will Start from the day you get admission (Automatically) [No Deadline] DEMO Lectures: http://www.engeecon.com/demo/ #NUST #NUMS #ETEA #ECAT #MCAT #NED #DOW #GIKI #PIEAS #AKU #IST Verified helpful pages:  Entry Test Training . ETEA Guideline . NUST Entry Test . NUMS Entry Test Training
There are 100% chances of these 4 MCQ's From Chemical bonding(Chemistry) in #EntryTests of  #ETEA #NUST #NUMS #ECAT #MCAT #NED #DOW #PIEAS #AKU  Register Your... self for the Online Entry Test Classes. Admission Procedure: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ ~Your Classes will Start from the day you get admission (Automatically) [No Deadline] DEMO lectures: http://www.engeecon.com/demo/ Lecture/Tutorial by Engeecon Academy Entry Test Training / ETEA Guideline / NUMS Entry Test Training . NUST Entry Test

#NUST #NUMS #ETEA #MDCAT #ECAT #PIEAS #GIKI #NED #DOW #AKU Register yourself For Online EntryTest Preparation All the lectures/Tutorials Will be in your accoun...t  Admission/Registration Procedure: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ More DEMO lectures:http://www.engeecon.com/demo/  Tutorial by Engeecon Academy​ Helpful links:  Entry Test Training​. ETEA Guideline​ . NUST Entry Test ​. NUMS Entry Test Training​
NET 2017 (Series-3) Registration Online registration for NUST Entry Test 2017 ( Series-3 ) for UG Programmes will remain open from 15 May to 30 June 2017 NUST Entry Test

Limits, Entry Test  #Hints and #Tricks Part:1 #NUST #ETEA #ECAT #GIKI #PIEAS #UET #NED #MUET To Get all the Online Entry Test Hints and Tricks Register yourself...  Registration/Admission procedure: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ DEMO Lectures: http://www.engeecon.com/demo/ Entry Test Training / Engeecon Academy Part 2:------ Share the video
After This Tutorial Surely you will be able to correct 1 or 2 MCQ's in #EntryTEST  #NUST #NUMS #MDCAT #ECAT #ETEA #PIEAS #GIKI #NED #DOW For All Entry Test Onli...ne Lectures  Register yourself For Online EntryTest Preparation All the lectures/Tutorials Will be in your account  Admission/Registration Procedure: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ More DEMO lectures:http://www.engeecon.com/demo/  This tutorial is taken from Tutorials of  Engeecon Academy ... Helpful links:  Entry Test Training. ETEA Guideline . NUST Entry Test . NUMS Entry Test Training
NET 2017 (Series-3) Registration Online registration for NUST Entry Test 2017 ( Series-3 ) for UG Programmes will remain open from 15 May to 30 June 2017. Details: https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/
NUST Entry Test NET3 Registration Started  Last date is 30 June 2017.
#NUST #EntryTest2017 #admissions #NET3 Online Registration for NUST Entry Test 2017 ( Series-3 ) for UG Programmes will Start From 15 May   Last Date to Submit Form: 30 June 2017.  - Entry Test Training . Engeecon Academy









If mass attached to a spring increases, then its time period  A) increases B) Decreases C) Remains constant D) Becomes zero

how many hydrogen atoms are present os one mole of water? (a)6.02x1023 atoms  (b)1.806x1074 atoms  (c)1.204x1024atoms  (d)3.01x1023atoms









#NET NUST Entry Test Registration Online registration for NUST Entry Test 2017 ( Series-2 ) for UG Programs will commence from 1st March 2017 and will remain open till 31st March 2017. Entry Test Training
#NUST maintains an organized transportation network within the campus for the students, staff and residents. This Battery operated, environment-friendly vehicle run throughout the day within the Main Campus.




A group of natural population which can interbreed freely among themselves and produce fertile offsprings but are reproductively isolated from all other such groups in nature are called A. Order B. Family C. Genera D. Species... NUST Entry Test Engeecon Academy
#NUST #Sialkot Campus Updates  NUST campus to be setup in Sialkot: Government releases funds worth Rs 180 million. The Federal Government of Pakistan has released the essential preliminary funds to establish a dedicated campus of the National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST) in Sialkot, said the Federal Minister. While talking to the Media in Islamabad, the Federal Minister for Defence, Water and Power, Khawaja Muhammad Asif, said that a special grant was released... worth PKR 180 million was released as the first installment in order to setup the NUST’s campus in Sambrial, Sialkot. He further said that the campus would span over 150 acres of land that would be built using an approximate cost of Rs 4 billion. The minister added that the campus would focus on advanced technology and engineering courses that would be specifically curated to the forthcoming needs of the industries that bear an export-oriented outlook. The Member National Assembly Armughan Subhani,the Member Provincial Assemblies Muhammad Iram, Arshad Javaid Warraich, and Tariq Akhtar Subhani, the Sialkot District Council’s Chairperson Hina Arshad Warraich, Vice Chairman Ch Raza Subhani and Mayor Sialkot Municipal Corporation Ch Tauheed were also present on the occasion. NUST Entry Test
#NUSTEntryTest2017 #NET2 #NET3 ONLINE Entry Test Preparation  Register yourself For ONLINE  #EntryTest Preparation Classes: Benefits:  *Proper Engeecon account will be provided to You.  *Complete Entry Test Training of the whole course(Physics, Chemistry,Mathematics,Biology,English) ,Including #Tricks & #Hints how to solve 5 minutes question in 45 second, with proper Guideline .... *In Entry Test preparation,we are also focusing previous papers with Solution manuals. *Short Demo Entry Test type tests after each chapter.so that you check your preparation of Each Chapter. **You can Use your account till your entry test 2017, and can repeat your lectures as many times as you want. The DATA(Lectures+sample Tests) will be in your account 24/7, you can access it from Anywhere at Anytime. **We will Update your Lectures/Tricks/Hints time to time according to the Demands on #EntryTest2017  ~The Guaranteed Success Methodology.  Admission Fee= Rs.7000/- only For the whole Year. **(Complete Entry Test preparation, FULL Course) {All the Chapters Activated} Methodology/DEMO: http://www.engeecon.com/demo/ Admission Procedure: http://www.engeecon.com/onlineadmission/ Introduction/Details :https://www.facebook.com/…/vb.6428720991…/1114049475330525/… For queries inbox: Entry Test Training . Engeecon Academy  WhatsApp : 03100990069 #NUST #NUMS #MCAT #ECAT #ETEA #GIKI #PIEAS #FMDC #NED #AKU







Which one of the following is not the regarded as a fundamental quantity in physics : A) Length B) Mass C) Time D) Weight





NUST Entry Test Result - 2017 Result of NET 2017 (series-1) conducted from 01 to 03 Dec 2016 except B Architecture / Industrial Design has been uploaded. https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/Result/Default.aspx Stay Connected to: NUST Entry Test
SALIENTS OF NET #NUSTEntryTest Candidates can appear in entry test more than once with the best score considered for the admission. However, in any one series only one attempt is allowed for a particular discipline. NET is compiled from text books prescribed for HSSC courses. Candidates preparing for NET are advised to consult all relavent text books of various boards of education. NET is conducted at three locations, that is Islamabad (NUST Campus), Karachi and Quetta. At Is...lamabad the Test is conducted in computer-based format. In Karachi and Quetta it is in paper-based format conducted in April & July. The computer based test at Islamabad is conducted in three series according to the following schedule: (NET-1) 01 December 2016 onwards. (NET-2) April 2017. (NET-3) July 2017.


Post
BS Fall 2020 Religious Minorities Admission Open https://admissions.pucit.edu.pk/ Last Date for Form Submission 20th October, 2020
Applicants who have applied on PU Teacher and PU Employee are requested to submit Verification letter issued by Registrar Office in PUCIT Admission office old campus.
List of all Applicants who have applied on BS Online Admission System, Highlighted applicants are requested to enter complete result of intermediate, in this regard they may please call us at 99212240,99210885, 99212506, 99212240, 99212250,  111-923-923 Ext 149,161,130 or Email us at info@pucit.edu.pk or personally visit Admission Office at PUCIT Old Campus Lahore for correction Till 5 pm Friday, 9th October, 2020. https://pucit.edu.pk/admissions-schedule/
List of Applicants who have applied for BS Fall 2020 Admissions will be displayed at PUCIT website on 7th October. If your name is missing or information provided is incorrect in the list, please email at info@pucit.edu.pk or visit PUCIT Old Campus Admission Office for correction.
The applicants who have paid their application fee after saving and finalizing their application form are requested to update their academic record with the complete result of Intermediate. Please SAVE and FINALIZE the application form after updating your marks.
1.The applicants who have paid their application fee after saving and finalizing their application form are requested to update their academic record with the complete result of Intermediate. 2. It is mandatory to enter complete result of intermediate, merit will not be calculated only on the basis of 1st year marks *FOR MORE INFORMATION *Please call us at 99212240,99210885, 99212506, 99212240, 99212250,  111-923-923 Ext 149,161,130 or Email us at info@pucit.edu.pk, webmaster@pucit.edu.pk
*For the Applicants who have already applied on the basis of Intermediate Part (I) [First year] result: 1.  The applicants who have paid their application fee after saving and finalizing their application form are requested to update their academic record with the complete result of Intermediate. 2. It is mandatory to enter complete result of intermediate, merit will not be calculated only on the basis of 1st year marks *FOR MORE INFORMATION *Please call us at 99212240,99210885, 99212506, 99212240, 99212250,  111-923-923 Ext 149,161,130 or Email us at info@pucit.edu.pk, webmaster@pucit.edu.pk
BS MERIT LIST SCHEDULE FALL 2020: https://pucit.edu.pk/admissions-schedule/
 You must be enjoying online lecturing during the testing times of COVID-19 pandemic. At PUCIT, the faculty and staff members are putting their best efforts to make your online learning experience productive and rewarding. For your healthy life, we wish that you better stay at home and continue your online learning experience till this COVID-19 pandemic is over. In this view, PUCIT will continue to offer online lecturing in the best interest of the students.   ...
 *For the Applicants who have already applied on the basis of Intermediate Part (I) [First year] result:... 1.  The applicants who have paid their application fee after saving and finalizing their application form are requested to update their academic record with the complete result of Intermediate. 2. Please do not generate challan form again. 3. Please Save and Finalize the application form after updating your marks. *FOR MORE INFORMATION *Please call us at 99212240,99210885, 99212506, 99212240, 99212250,  111-923-923 Ext 149,161,130 or Email us at info@pucit.edu.pk
For the Applicants who have already applied on the basis of Intermediate Part (I) [First year] result: 1.  The applicants who have paid their application fee after saving and finalizing their application form are requested to update their academic record with the complete result of Intermediate. 2. Please do not generate challan form again. 3. Please Save and Finalize the application form after updating your marks. FOR MORE INFORMATION... *Please call us at 99212240,99210885, 99212506, 99212240, 99212250,  111-923-923 Ext 149,161,130 or Email us at info@pucit.edu.pk
For the Applicants who have already applied on the basis of Intermediate Part (I) [First year] result: 1.  The applicants who have paid their application fee after saving and finalizing their application form are requested to update their academic record with the complete result of Intermediate. 2. Please do not generate challan form again. 3. Please Save and Finalize the application form after updating your marks.
Frequently Asked Question Regarding Admission in PUCIT, Please visit the following link: https://admission.pucit.edu.pk/faq/
It has been observed that some applicants have entered their obtained marks in the Maximum Marks field and maximum marks in the Marks Obtained field. Please revisit your application and confirm that you have entered your data correctly. In case of any issue, please email at info@pucit.edu.pk
*For new applicants: After the announcement of Intermediate Part (II) result by the Intermediate Boards on Sep 22,2020, it is mandatory to enter the complete result of Intermediate (FA/FSc). *Applicants who have already applied based on Intermediate Part(I) [First year] marks: The applicants who have paid their application fee after saving and finalizing their application form will be able to update their FA/FSc marks on their PUCIT application form after Sep 25, 2020. Proces...s to update the marks will be announced on Sep 25, 2020. For more information please visit: https://pucit.edu.pk/how-to-apply/
 Semester Commencement:... You would be pleased to learn that PUCIT is commencing online lecturing for your Fall semester on Tuesday September 15, 2020. Time-table is available at following link: https://pucit.edu.pk/timetable/, thank you. Course Registration: Your regular courses of Fall semester would be added in the Campus Management System (CMS) by our talented Team-IT on or before Tuesday September 15, 2020. However, you may like to ADD additional course(s) or may have to DROP a course, please contact Online Lecturing: For your CMS enrolled courses, you will receive a link of Google Meet for online lecturing. The course instructor will share the link. To stay updated, kindly keep checking your inbox and website at PUCIT, thank you. We owe a very warm thank you to the FACULTY of PUCIT for putting its heart and soul to ensure your academic interest in the best possible way, THANK YOU, TEACHERS. Dear Students, please join us to appreciate your teachers and their efforts. The Semester Calendar is uploaded on following link: https://pucit.edu.pk/academic-calender/
BS and M.Sc Fall 2020 Semester will commence from Tuesday 15th September, Classes will be held online. Please download TimeTable from the following link: https://pucit.edu.pk/timetable/
Congratulations to Prof. Dr. Shahzad Sarwar on his appointment as the 10th Principal of Punjab University College of Information Technology (PUCIT), University of the Punjab, Lahore. We wish him every success in his new duties. May he bring progress, prosperity and success for the PUCIT and the University of the Punjab.
Schedule for phase-wise re-opening of University of the Punjab!
The availability of Online Admission Forms will start from 12th September 2020 and close on 5th October. It is highly recommended that 1st-year students should apply after the deceleration of 2nd-year results by respective boards. For more details please visit www.pucit.edu.pk
*There will be NO Entry Test for BS Admission Fall 2020.  *M.Sc CS Admissions will not be held this year. *BS Admissions will open after declaration of Intermediate Result. *Admission schedule will be updated on PUCIT website and social media platforms. *Merit Formula is shared on the Following link:  https://pucit.edu.pk/admission-criteria/
Lec 02 HDL for Combinational Circuits - I (Arif Butt @ PUCIT) https://pucit.edu.pk/computer-organization-and-assembly-la…/
Computer Organization and Assembly Language Programming Online Lectures by MAJ. (RETD.) DR. MUHAMMAD ARIF BUTT https://pucit.edu.pk/computer-organization-and-assembly-la…/  YouTube: https://youtu.be/fYHAnSoCgbk
BS Admissions will open after declaration of Intermediate Result. Admission schedule will be updated on PUCIT website and social media platforms.

M.Phil Final Term Online Exam Date Sheet Spring 2020  https://pucit.edu.pk/date-sheet/
Post
 https://pucit.edu.pk/how-to-apply/
GCU Admissions 2020 for BS CS. No Entry Test this year due to COVID19 BSCS admission guidance and online registration website link  : Csadmissions.gcu.edu.pk BSCS admission start from: 13 July 2020... Email address for BSCS admission queries and problems:   Csadmissions@gcu.edu.pk
Official Announcement from PUCIT -There is a delay for admission 2020. -New dates will be announced after the result declaration of Intermediate. -There will be no Entry Test for admissions 2020.
Efforts belong to the man and output comes from ALLAH.  Once again, we prove ourselves in the most uncertain situations. PUCIT CANCELS ENTRY TESTS for BS as already reported by PIONEERS a couple of weeks earlier. We decided NOT to conduct any sessions this year siting the future circumstances while others were still busy in looting the hard earned money of our students and their parents. We strongly condemn such actions and advice caution and confrontation towards such materi...alistic institutes. Moreover, we fully encourage and support the affected people to stand up and reclaim their hard earned incomes from such money making institutes who have nothing to do with education. We pray may ALLAH give hidayat to all who seek it. Meanwhile we pray for the safety of all and promise to resume next year in a better world with much bigger plans to deliver the same quality that we had been producing for the past 4 years. We promise keep on lighting up the torch of quality Education. Regards, Team Pioneers Institute PUCIT Test Preparation Center
Efforts belong to the man and output comes from ALLAH.  Once again, we prove ourselves in the most uncertain situations. PUCIT CANCELS ENTRY TESTS for BS as already reported by PIONEERS a couple of weeks earlier. We decided NOT to conduct any sessions this year siting the future circumstances while others were still busy in looting the hard earned money of our students and their parents. We strongly condemn such actions and advice caution and confrontation towards such materi...alistic institutes. Moreover, we fully encourage and support the affected people to stand up and reclaim their hard earned incomes from such money making institutes who have nothing to do with education. We pray may ALLAH give hidayat to all who seek it. Meanwhile we pray for the safety of all and promise to resume next year in a better world with much bigger plans to deliver the same quality that we had been producing for the past 4 years. We promise keep on lighting up the torch of quality Education. Regards, Team Pioneers Institute PUCIT Test Preparation Center
Efforts belong to the man and output comes from ALLAH.  Once again, we prove ourselves in the most uncertain situations. PUCIT CANCELS ENTRY TESTS for BS as already reported by PIONEERS a couple of weeks earlier. We decided NOT to conduct any sessions this year siting the future circumstances while others were still busy in looting the hard earned money of our students and their parents. We strongly condemn such actions and advice caution and confrontation towards such materi...alistic institutes. Moreover, we fully encourage and support the affected people to stand up and reclaim their hard earned incomes from such money making institutes who have nothing to do with education. We pray may ALLAH give hidayat to all who seek it. Meanwhile we pray for the safety of all and promise to resume next year in a better world with much bigger plans to deliver the same quality that we had been producing for the past 4 years. We promise keep on lighting up the torch of quality Education. Regards, Team Pioneers Institute PUCIT Test Preparation Center
Efforts belong to the man and output comes from ALLAH.  Once again, we prove ourselves in the most uncertain situations. PUCIT CANCELS ENTRY TESTS for BS as already reported by PIONEERS a couple of weeks earlier. We decided NOT to conduct any sessions this year siting the future circumstances while others were still busy in looting the hard earned money of our students and their parents. We strongly condemn such actions and advice caution and confrontation towards such materi...alistic institutes. Moreover, we fully encourage and support the affected people to stand up and reclaim their hard earned incomes from such money making institutes who have nothing to do with education. We pray may ALLAH give hidayat to all who seek it. Meanwhile we pray for the safety of all and promise to resume next year in a better world with much bigger plans to deliver the same quality that we had been producing for the past 4 years. We promise keep on lighting up the torch of quality Education. Regards, Team Pioneers Institute PUCIT Test Preparation Center

PUCIT Online Admission for BS Programs will commence from 7th July, 2020, last date for submission of online forms is 27th, July 2020. There will be no Entry Test for Fall 2020 Admissions, Merit will be calculated on the basis of Academic record. PUCIT will not conduct M.Sc Admissions for Fall 2020. For more details please visit: https://pucit.edu.pk/how-to-apply/
Merit Calculation formula for admission year 2020 Calculate your merit online... https://pucithd.com/aggregate-calculator.html Online Calculator Courtesy: PUCIT Help Desk

Official Announcement from PUCIT There will be no entry test for admission year 2020. Stay tuned to get all the authentic news regarding admissions 2020.
In the most uncertain circumstances such as this pandemic, we pray for the safety of all of our teachers, alumni and followers. Considering the current conditions, we feel it is in the best of all of us to practice social distancing. Given the current point in time, many universities have withdrawn from conducting Entry Tests and we envision several big names to follow. There is no official announcement from Punjab University - PUCIT regarding admission policy but our unoffic...ial resources have reported a potential withdrawal of entry test by PUCIT as well for this year i.e. 2020. Hence, we have decided not to conduct any sort of classes this year. It was really a hard decision for us since it is the most awaited time of the year for us as well. We considered online lectures as well but felt they would not bring the quality and promise that we have been delivering for the past 4 years. Still we stay committed to the cause and hope to return back soon in a better world with even bigger plans. We wish all of our kind followers and their families the best of health in these unprecedented hard times. Hope this all ends up soon and we can reignite the torch of education. Thanks everyone Team Pioneers Institute PUCIT Entry Test Preparation Center
In the most uncertain circumstances such as this pandemic, we pray for the safety of all of our teachers, alumni and followers. Considering the current conditions, we feel it is in the best of all of us to practice social distancing. Given the current point in time, many universities have withdrawn from conducting Entry Tests and we envision several big names to follow. There is no official announcement from Punjab University - PUCIT regarding admission policy but our unoffic...ial resources have reported a potential withdrawal of entry test by PUCIT as well for this year i.e. 2020. Hence, we have decided not to conduct any sort of classes this year. It was really a hard decision for us since it is the most awaited time of the year for us as well. We considered online lectures as well but felt they would not bring the quality and promise that we have been delivering for the past 4 years. Still we stay committed to the cause and hope to return back soon in a better world with even bigger plans. We wish all of our kind followers and their families the best of health in these unprecedented hard times. Hope this all ends up soon and we can reignite the torch of education. Thanks everyone Team Pioneers Institute PUCIT Entry Test Preparation Center
In the most uncertain circumstances such as this pandemic, we pray for the safety of all of our teachers, alumni and followers. Considering the current conditions, we feel it is in the best of all of us to practice social distancing. Given the current point in time, many universities have withdrawn from conducting Entry Tests and we envision several big names to follow. There is no official announcement from Punjab University - PUCIT regarding admission policy but our unoffic...ial resources have reported a potential withdrawal of entry test by PUCIT as well for this year i.e. 2020. Hence, we have decided not to conduct any sort of classes this year. It was really a hard decision for us since it is the most awaited time of the year for us as well. We considered online lectures as well but felt they would not bring the quality and promise that we have been delivering for the past 4 years. Still we stay committed to the cause and hope to return back soon in a better world with even bigger plans. We wish all of our kind followers and their families the best of health in these unprecedented hard times. Hope this all ends up soon and we can reignite the torch of education. Thanks everyone Team Pioneers Institute PUCIT Entry Test Preparation Center

In the most uncertain circumstances such as this pandemic, we pray for the safety of all of our teachers, alumni and followers. Considering the current conditions, we feel it is in the best of all of us to practice social distancing. Given the current point in time, many universities have withdrawn from conducting Entry Tests and we envision several big names to follow. There is no official announcement from Punjab University - PUCIT regarding admission policy but our unoffic...ial resources have reported a potential withdrawal of entry test by PUCIT as well for this year i.e. 2020.  Hence, we have decided not to conduct any sort of classes this year. It was really a hard decision for us since it is the most awaited time of the year for us as well. We considered online lectures as well but felt they would not bring the quality and promise that we have been delivering for the past 4 years. Still we stay committed to the cause and hope to return back soon in a better world with even bigger plans. We wish all of our kind followers and their families the best of health in these unprecedented hard times. Hope this all ends up soon and we can reignite the torch of education. Thanks everyone Team Pioneers Institute PUCIT Entry Test Preparation Center



Mon, Sep 16 is the deadline to apply in Punjab University BS admissions 2019. For PUCIT you do not need to dispatch any documents or challan form. For IBIT you need to dispatch Paid challan form + CNIC/Bform photocopy to IBIT address. For all the other departments you are required to dispatch Application Form + Matric and Inter result card + Bform/CNIC photocopies to each of the department separately at their department's address. Note: If you haven't received Intermediate result card from college. You can print the result card from Board's website it is acceptable at the time application submission.
Preference Setting in PUCTI | CS / SE / IT Preference setting is completely your own decision tell your preference to PUCIT and you will get the class where your merit fits in. The important point to note here is If we have lower merit and we put IT A NC as the first preference and just in case your merit falls in IT M NC which usually has higher merit than Afternoon section. You will not be considered for any of your lower preferences at all. Always set your first priorities... on top preference no matter how low is your merit. As merit decrease with the new merit lists (2nd, 3rd) your name will automatically be promoted to your upper preferences if your merit falls in that class. Asking about the difference in OC and NC. It is exactly same as per the courses, labs and teachers. Choose the campus which is lesser in distance. SE vs CS vs IT always a top most question in every student mind. After 4 four years SE CS IT Morning/After OC/NC they all will be treated as exactly the same and start their career as Software Engineer following the same career path with exactly same pay scales. Still want to known what the difference is ?? Ok with an apology juniors this is too hard for an intermediate pass student to clearly understand what technical difference is but I will try my best. CS students will be offered Compiler Construction and System programming while SE students are tilted towards Project Management + Design Architect and study Software Design Architecture, Software Requirement Engineering courses. Ok you're lost in the techy discussion, warned your already :D Not lost ? okkk if you want to know more about the curriculum hit this link and check courses of each degree https://pucit.edu.pk/academic-programs/ To support my arguments and just to let you know CS/SE/IT is the debate not for PUCIT or Pakistan only. Other international universities also have these degree programs with very minor differences at BS level. On MS level you might a lot of difference in MS Data Science vs MS Network Engineer (All CS/SE/IT are eligible to apply any follow-up MS programs). Check these videos from some CS bloggers and you will learn more about these fields. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKEwYgLW9TU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxvQYZJNLxI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VpDcjFshJI ------------- Jazib Humayun, Software Engineer PUCIT Visiting faculty University of the Punjab, Lahore.
PUCIT admission form:  https://admissions.pucit.edu.pk/ IBIT admission form:  http://www.ibitpu.edu.pk/admissions/index.php PU other departments adminison form: http://pu.edu.pk/page/downloads/exam_admission_form.html Select Admission then click Apply Online. Admission form direct link: http://111.68.103.22/admissions/ Programs list offered in PU: http://111.68.103.22/admissions/offered-programs
SCHEDULE FOR BS ONLINE ADMISSIONS FALL 2019: https://pucit.edu.pk/admissions-schedule/
M.Sc First Merit List Fall 2019  Last Date for the Submission of Dues :04-09- 2019 https://pucit.edu.pk/merit-lists-fall-2019/
Post
 Congratulations to all the selected students. Deadline to submit the dues and documents: 14th October 2020 #Note: After depositing dues, if you desire to retain the allocated programme irrespective of the preferences given in the application, please do inform the University in writing or Email at admissions@nust.edu.pk latest by due date. So that your upward revision process is blocked in subsequent selections, otherwise you will remain in selection process. Check out your upgraded/updated admission status from the following website link Web:https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/result/meritsearch.aspx Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> Apply for Supervisory Certificate by PEC for Jobless Engineers <<< Assalam O Alikum! Dear all Engineers, if you have graduated in 2019 & 2020  & you are jobless yet. Then, you can apply for issuance of Supervisory Certificate by Pakistan Engineering Council for year 2020/21 -Deadline to apply : 23 October, 2020 (Apply online) Note this certificate will be issued for employment with Constructor/Operator firms in order to to impart practical/field training to young officers. All the Registered Engineers getting employment on basis of Supervisory Certificate shall avail the opportunity for said purpose in letter & spirit. Supervisory Certificate will be issued on first come first serve basis. PEC will issue a target number of certificates Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> PEC Need-Cum- Merit Based Scholarship Scheme <<<  Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! It is to be informed that Pakistan Engineering Council (PEC) Pakistan has announced Need-cum-Merit based Scholarship Scheme for the students of Fall-2020, admitted to PEC approved university & engineering program. This scheme is valid for all undergraduate semester students. -Last date to submit application: October 31,2020  For more information and downloading the Application form, visit the following PEC web Portal. Download Form from: https://pec.org.pk/scholarship.aspx Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<< Subject: Display of 14th Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! 14th Merit Selection list for UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been uploaded. Congratulations to all the selected candidates. Deadline to submit documents and dues: 8th October 2020 Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following website link Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/Merit_List.php Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> NET Past Paper Series <<< PHYSICS (NET-III 2020) Solve it with solid justification. #Note: Correct answer with explanation will be declared once the post session is over.
 Congratulations to all the selected students. #Note: All those candidates who have been offered admission must deposit their dues to secure the admission at the latest by Tuesday October 08, 2020, failing which the seat will be declared vacant and the admission will be offered to the next candidate in the waiting list. Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following link. Web: http://admissions.pieas.edu.pk/Admissions/8thMerit.html Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> NET Past Paper Series <<< PHYSICS (NET-III 2020) Solve it with solid justification. Note: Correct answer with explanation will be declared once the post session is over. (In Sha Allah!)
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<< Subject: Display of 13th Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! 13th Merit Selection list for UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been uploaded. Congratulations to all the selected candidates. Deadline to submit documents and dues: 7th October 2020 Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following website link Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/Merit_List.php Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants

#PUCIT #premedical Credit: Muhammad Saad Hurry Up Pre Medical students. PUCIT has finally opened up  doors of Admission for Pre-medical students also . You can apply here :  https://admissions.pucit.edu.pk https://admission.pucit.edu.pk
 Congratulations to all the selected students. Deadline to submit the dues and documents: 7th October 2020 #Note: After depositing dues, if you desire to retain the allocated programme irrespective of the preferences given in the application, please do inform the University in writing or Email at admissions@nust.edu.pk latest by due date. So that your upward revision process is blocked in subsequent selections, otherwise you will remain in selection process. Check out your upgraded/updated admission status from the following website link Web:https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/result/meritsearch.aspx Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
 Congratulations to all the selected students. #Note: All those candidates who have been offered admission must deposit their dues to secure the admission at the latest by Tuesday October 06, 2020, failing which the seat will be declared vacant and the admission will be offered to the next candidate in the waiting list. Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following link. Web: http://admissions.pieas.edu.pk/Admissions/7thMerit.html Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admissions 2020 <<< Subjects: Updates on 3rd Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! Apropos, It is to be informed that 3rd Merit Selection List for NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been tentatively scheduled to display on 2nd or 3rd October 2020. (In Sha Allah) So, stay tuned with NUST website for subsequent list display. Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<< Subject: Display of 12th Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! 12th Merit Selection list for UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been uploaded. Congratulations  to all the selected candidates. Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following website link Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/Merit_List.php Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<<  ***** Important Notice for Hostel Allotment & Orientation****** Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! University of Engineering and Technology- UET (Taxila) has released an official notice on the Hostel allotment for both girls and boys as well as Orientation schedule.  Check out the blink display on the Home page of UET (Taxila) Online Admission Portal,  Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/index.php Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<< Subject: Display of 11th Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! 11th Merit Selection list for UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been uploaded. Congratulations to all the selected candidates. Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following website link Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/Merit_List.php Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
 British Council Study UK Virtual Fair is the opportunity to virtually meet representatives from 23 leading universities in the UK and gain first-hand information regarding higher education in the UK, any procedural changes in light of Covid 19, new Graduate Immigration Route and much more. British Council invites all students, parents, career advisers, counsellors, faculty and educational managers to join us ‘online’ on 10 October.
>>> NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<< Subject: Display of 2nd Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! Second Merit Selection List for NUST (Islamabad) Undergraduate Admission 2020 vide --- open category has been uploaded. Congratulations to all the selected candidates. #Note:   After depositing dues, if you desire to retain the allocated programme irrespective of the preferences given in the application, please do inform the University in writing or Email at admissions@nust.edu.pk latest by 30-Sep-2020. So that your upward revision process is blocked in subsequent selections, otherwise you will remain in selection process. Check out your upgraded/updated admission status from the following website link. #Web https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/result/meritsearch.aspx Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
*Latest Admission Announcements* ------------------------------------- GOVERNMENT COLLEGE UNIVERSITY, LAHORE *Deadline:* 09-10-2020... *Level*: Bachelor SHAHEED ALLAH BUKSH SOOMRO UNIVERSITY OF ART, DESIGN AND HERITAGES, JAMSHORO *Deadline:* 25-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor MEHRAN UNIVERSITY OF ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGY, JAMSHORO *Deadline:* 25-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor THE UNIVERSITY OF LAHORE ( MAIN CAMPUS ), LAHORE *Deadline:* 25-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor, PhD, MA/MSc ABASYN UNIVERSITY, PESHAWAR *Deadline:* 06-10-2020 *Level*: MS, Bachelor, PhD, MA/MSc HAZARA UNIVERSITY, MANSEHRA *Deadline:* 28-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor, MA/MSc SARHAD UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, PESHAWAR *Deadline:* 02-10-2020 *Level*: Bachelor, MA/MSc PAKISTAN FOREST INSTITUTE, PESHAWAR *Deadline:* 05-10-2020 *Level*: MA/MSc, Bachelor THE UNIVERSE COLLEGE OF NURSING, PESHAWAR *Deadline:* 18-10-2020 *Level*: Bachelor IQRA UNIVERSITY [KCH], KARACHI *Deadline:* 24-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor, MS, PhD, MA/MSc SCHOOL OF ADVANCE BUSINESS AND COMMERCE, LAHORE *Deadline:* 25-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor, MA/MSc BARANI INSTITUTE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, RAWALPINDI *Deadline:* 29-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor AIR UNIVERSITY, MULTAN CAMPUS, MULTAN *Deadline:* 30-09-2020 *Level*: MS, Bachelor, PhD NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF MODERN LANGUAGE ( MULTAN CAMPUS ), MULTAN *Deadline:* 30-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor, MA/MSc NUR INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY, LAHORE *Deadline:* 30-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor SOHAIL UNIVERSITY, KARACHI *Deadline:* 30-09-2020 *Level*: Bachelor UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH ASIA, LAHORE *Deadline:* 30-09-2020 *Level*: MS, MA/MSc, Bachelor RIPHAH INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY ( RAWALPINDI CAMPUS ), RAWALPINDI *Deadline:* 01-10-2020 *Level*: Bachelor ILMA UNIVERSITY, KARACHI *Deadline:* 01-10-2020 *Level*: MS, Bachelor UNIVERSITY OF KARACHI, KARACHI *Deadline:* 02-10-2020 *Level*: MS LASBELA UNIVERSITY OF AGRICULTURE, WATER AND MARINE SCIENCES, WADH CAMPUS, WADH *Deadline:* 03-10-2020 *Level*: Bachelor PRESTON UNIVERSITY [KHT], KOHAT *Deadline:* 09-10-2020 *Level*: Bachelor, MA/MSc PRESTON UNIVERSITY [ISB], ISLAMABAD *Deadline:* 09-10-2020 *Level*: MA/MSc, Bachelor LAHORE LEADS UNIVERSITY, LAHORE *Deadline:* 10-10-2020 *Level*: Bachelor, MS, MA/MSc
>>> UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 <<< Subject: Display of 10th Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! 10th Merit Selection list for UET (Taxila) Undergraduate Admission 2020 has been uploaded. Congratulations to all the selected candidates. Check out your updated/upgraded admission status from the following website link Web: http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/Merit_List.php Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>> UET Taxila 9th merit list has been displayed << Last date to join: 25th Sep 2020 For detailed list, visit http://admissions.uettaxila.edu.pk/Merit_List.php
>>> Punjab Boards HSSC Annual Exams Result 2020 <<< Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! It is to be informed that Punjab boards will announce the result for Intermediate (Part-II) Annual Examination 2020 vide COVID Exam Policy 2020 today (22-09-2020) at 05:00 P.M on the respective boards' websites. (In Sha Allah) Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
>>> PIEAS (Islamabad) Undergaduate Admission 2020 << Subject: Display of 5th Merit Selection List 2020 Hey Peeps! Assalam O Alikum! Fifth Merit Selection List for PIEAS (Nilore) Undergraduate Admission 2020 vide open category has been uploaded. Congratulations to all the selected candidates. #Note: All those candidates who have been offered admission must deposit their dues to secure the admission at the latest by Thursday September 24, 2020, failing which the seat will be declared vacant and the admission will be offered to the next candidate in the waiting list. Check out your upgraded/updated admission status from the following website link.  Web: http://admissions.pieas.edu.pk/Admissions/5thMerit.html Looking forward for your future endeavors.  Stay tuned for more updates. Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
 Congratulations to all the selected candidates. #Note:  After depositing dues, if you desire to retain the allocated programme irrespective of the preferences given in the application, please do inform the University in writing or Email at admissions@nust.edu.pk latest by 24-Sep-2020. So that your upward revision process is blocked in subsequent selections, otherwise you will remain in selection process Check out your admission status from the following website link.  Website: https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk/result/meritsearch.aspx Looking forward for your future endeavors. Stay tuned for more updates.  Team| Ecat/Net Aspirants
Post
 Want to make the world a better place with your insights and ideas? The International Model United Nations (IMUN) International MUN  _mun is a mock UN Conference designed to engage students to discuss and debate some of the burning issues of the day 🔥It consists of a series of committees like the UNICEF, WHO and CCC that discuss key topics on gender equality, pandemic-caused crises and more 🤩 . Over 15,000 students from ...90 countries have already participated in this huge endeavour, making this a success. In this edition of IMUN 25.0, we discuss gender equality, work opportunities, disease control, reducing inequalities, preparation for future pandemics and the financial crisis. It's 2 days of exciting debates, discussions and resolutions. Register now . Limited seats! I am available if anyone wants to know more Registration at:
NUST Business School (NBS)  vs  Lahore School of Economics (LSE) ?
Mechanical from EME NUST Or Chemical From NUST H12 personally i am very much interested in chemical engineering but some people said that i should join mechanical engineering bcz it has more scope And job opportunities Kindly help... Thanks
Closing merit of chemical engineering in the 4th list? Does anyone know?
Can anyone share joining instructions for sns bs physics nust
Selected in civil engineering at scee nice Islamabad in 4 th list. With 1280 postion

Anyone selected in Nust Eme clg drop ir merit position here
I got admission in nust in computer science Balochistan campus zamzama road quetta cantt but I want to get admission is Islamabad campus in any field so I should wait for next list and if next list is not issued by nust so I can change my campus from Balochistan to Islamabady merit position is 4385
Kia pu me agr ek field me merit na bna ho name na aye to field change krne ka chance deti k ni plzzzz tell me??
Is gap year for PNEC NUST  worth it? Or should I apply in some other university?
Any one can plzzz give me the no of adm office of pu engineering department or pucit adm office no ??
Nust ki 4th list me MCS me software engineering ka closing merit no kya h
Anyone in SEECS BEE-12-D?
Post
 A few rumors are being circulated on social media regarding COVID 19 positive patients in hostels along with a voice message regarding cancellation of examinations of Session 2017. These messages are false. The reality is that the administration is not aware of ANY COVID 19 positive patient in any of the UET hostels. A few students from a couple of departments are circulating test REFERRAL SLIPS only (NOT even one COVID 19 positive) and some... unidentified video clips to create panic for their malefide intentions. Following the HEC SOPs, both students with reported flu SYMPTOMS have been isolated in hostels. You should not pay heed to any fake news on this issue and focus on your studies. The University administration has taken all necessary precautions to keep its students and employees safe. The examinations will be conducted as per announced schedule, Insha Allah. Once again, you all are requested to follow the stipulated SOPs, especially wearing face masks and observing social distancing. Students not wearing face masks will not be allowed to enter examination halls. Stay safe.  Thank you and best wishes.  Muhammad Asif Rrgistrar


UET celebrates Independence Day with zeal & zest. 14 August, 2020:  A flag hoisting ceremony on Independence Day was held at University of Engineering and Technology (UET) Lahore. UET Lahore main campus was fully decorated with illuminations, national flags, banners, and buntings to give a festive look. Vice Chancellor UET Lahore Prof. Dr. Syed Mansoor Sarwar graced the occasion as Chief Guest and formally inaugurated the function by waving the national flag. All Deans, Chair...persons, Registrar, Treasurer, and other administrative staff attended the event and showed solidarity with Pakistan. Social distancing and Government SOPs were strictly observed in the event. The Vice Chancellor showed keen interest in posing with staff, especially children. At the end of the event special prayers were made for the dignity and prosperity of Pakistan.
 A flag hoisting ceremony on Independence Day was held at University of Engineering and Technology (UET) Lahore. UET Lahore main campus was fully decorated with illuminations, national flags, banners, and buntings to give a festive look. Vice Chancellor UET Lahore Prof. Dr. Syed Mansoor Sarwar graced the occasion as Chief Guest and formally inaugurated the function by waving the national flag. All Deans, Chairpersons, Registrar, Treasurer, and other administrative staff attended the event and showed solidarity with Pakistan. Social distancing and Government SOPs were strictly observed in the event. The Vice Chancellor showed keen interest in posing with staff, especially children. At the end of the event special prayers were made for the dignity and prosperity of Pakistan.
 It is informed to the concerned candidates, parents and institutes, that the Entrance test Exams – ECAT is postponed, not cancelled, and will be conducted as per our previous practice, date will be announced later till further orders. The Entrance Test which was scheduled on 13 – 14 June 2020 was postponed due to COVID19 pandemic and on the order of the Punjab government, the Entrance Test which was scheduled on 13 ...– 14 June 2020 has been postponed until further orders. Similarly, the mock test scheduled on 6 – 7 June 2020 has also been postponed until further orders. There is a falsified information over social media that UET has cancelled it Entrance Test Exam, it is totally wrong and baseless information. Authority strictly condemns such kinds of rumors, it is requested not to put attention on un-official channels, for updated information keep visiting UET’s Official website https://uet.edu.pk
 Chinese Govt. has announced "Youth of Excellence (YES-CHINA) scholarship program 2020".These scholarships will be offered to potential applicants from Govt. sector including all public sector institutions, research institutions and govt. bodies at all level. For more details and how to apply procedure, please visit www.hec.gov.pk/site/YES. For any queries regarding scholarship program, please write to Islamabad@chinacul...ture.org. For any queries regarding CSC portal, please use CSC portal online help. Scanned copies of application form along with all other documents can be sent at Islamabad@chinaculture.org. Send hard copies of your application dozier to "No.1, Zhou-Enlai Avenue, Diplomatic Enclave (Extension), Embassy of People's Republic of China in Islamabad, Pakistan" on or before the deadline Wednesday, 20th May, 2020.


Women in IT: The Life Story of Augusta Ada King Byron https://uet.edu.pk/newsannouncem…/newssection/uet_news.html…
KICS UET Ink an MOU with Micro Electronics for Mutual Interests of R & D and Training https://kics.edu.pk/…/kics-uet-ink-an-mou-with-micro-elect…/

#cybersecurity Virginia Commonwealth University’s Professor Delivers a Presentation on Research Topics in Cybersecurity at KICS UET https://kics.edu.pk/…/virginia-commonwealth-universitys-pr…/
#ICOSST2019 13th International Conference on Open Source Systems and Technologies Wraps up with a Success Note at UET Lahore Amidst International and Local Delegations




Closing ceremony of International Conference on Open Source Systems and Technologies (ICOSST 2019).

#ICOSST2019 Day 3 International conference on open source systems and technologies 2019 day 3  Muhammad Umair from KICS Topic: Machine learning and python #icosst2019




Post


Undergraduate Selected Candidates (4th Merit List) Admissions Fall-2020 http://portals.au.edu.pk/result/
MS / MPHIL & PhD Admission Announcement FALL-2020 http://portals.au.edu.pk/result/
MS / MPHIL & PhD Admission Announcement FALL-2020 http://portals.au.edu.pk/result/
Undergraduate Selected candidate (3rd Merit List ) Admissions Fall-2020. http://portals.au.edu.pk/result
Undergraduate Selected candidate (2nd Merit List ) Admissions Fall-2020. http://portals.au.edu.pk/result

Undergraduate Selected Candidates (1st Merit List) Admission Fall-2020 http://portals.au.edu.pk/result/
AU Islamabad semester result has been announced http://portals.au.edu.pk/auresult
MERIT SCORE OF UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS (FALL-2020) http://portals.au.edu.pk/result/
Admission Fall 2020 https://www.au.edu.pk/Pages/Admission/how_to_apply.aspx
#AirUniversity #DepttofCyberSecurity #NCCS #admissionsfall2020

#AdmissionsFall2020 #TopRankedUniversity #JoinAU #exclusiveprograms #IAA #AEROSPACE #AVIONICS #AIRUNIVERSITY #BESTFORMECHANICALENGINEERING
#AdmissionsFall2020 #JoinAU #EngineeringPrograms #TopRankedUniversity
#AdmissionsFall2020 #JoinAU #AUSOM #Marketdrivenprograms
#admissionsfall2020 #AU #FacultyofSocialSciences #JoinAU
#AdmissionsFall2020 #FCandAI #JoinAU
#AU #100percent #Readinessforonlineclasses #HECcertified #AULegacyofExcellence


Admission Fall 2020 https://www.au.edu.pk/Pages/Admission/how_to_apply.aspx

Admission for Islamabad Campus and Kamra Campus  https://www.au.edu.pk/Pages/Admission/how_to_apply.aspx

Post
 Total Pot so far: ‏25200(paid 36 entrants, more to come in 2 days )
Meet our KP Techies serving country in different ways and making their parents feel proud of them. More power to you girls!

PUBG Custom Rooms
PUBG Custom Rooms
PUBG Custom Rooms - DUO
 For Room ID and Password, check comments.
 Classic + Rooms

PUBG Custom Rooms
PUBG Custom Rooms

A retired Pakistan Air Force officer, Muhammad Rafiq prevents mass shooting in a Mosque in Norway by manhandling the terrorist.
 SMS from UETPeshawar is just for information, not for the verification purposes etc. So plz dont confuse with it.


Interested in Learning Cyber Security? Watch and subscribe to the following channel to learn Cyber Security courses worth 1000$+ for free.  It is estimated that by 2021 there will be around 3.5m jobs of cyber security around the world left unfilled.



 Requirements: The person must be a die-hard fan of Cricket (not just watching PSL and Pakistan matches for fun), actively follows its news on the web and social media, and be able to do his own analysis and give opinions on player performances etc. He/She must be highly proactive and be able to enjoy writing on Cricket with all the knowledge about technical terms of the sport (compulsory). Should have basic knowledge of how to use keywords (I will be providing the keywords to use) and write good English. I would prefer the person to be in Peshawar, but as long as he/she is fulfilling all the requirements, can take it seriously instead of a short-term gig, and looking for a long-term commitment, city doesn't matter. Note that I already have 2 part-time writers, and only looking for a full-time writer. (Maybe someone who can adjust timings based on the timings of matches or something like that. Can discuss that). So, inbox me with your small intro, some experience, any published articles on relevant topics and we can talk about this further.

Job Opportunity Available for FAST Graduates as a Research Assistant at Peshawar Campus having experience of Machine Learning + Image Processing. Candidates must be willing to relocate if required. Salary = Rs 75,000 / month. Send your CV's to omar.khan@nu.edu.pk or nouman.azam@nu.edu.pk within a week of this post.
He is probably the Greatest Test Batsman of Pakistan But his road to success wasn't an easy one
 Save the date: 14 - 16 February 2019
Post




Hi Everyone, A student of COMSATS started his small shop on daraz.pk Kindly support him to buy at least one product :P https://www.daraz.pk/online-dukan-pk/…
INNA LILLAH E WA INNA ELAIH E RAJIOON This was to happen one day! Pathetic Management and Security staff.  Unfortunately a Student of BBA 2nd semester at CU Islamabad has been died due to ignorance of Management and unavailability of Ambulance, he got heart attack and no ambulance was available on time. Moreover security didn't allowed anyone to take his car inside the campus to rescue him. So called stupid policies by the management took an innocent life today. Comsats Student body demands complete investigation and punishment for all the responsibles.

 REGISTRATION DETAILS DATE: 3rd August, 2019 (Saturday) Ticket Price:  1500/- Islamabad ... Last Date of Registration: 2nd August, 2019 (Friday) Hurry up!! Limited Seats Available!!  For more details: https://www.facebook.com/events/639404709870934/






Here comes the official welcome party after a very long time, that too in #Comsats. we promise you to surpass your expectations so don't miss this beautiful event*

Looking for fresh BS (CS) or B.EE from COMSATS for the location of Islamabad, Gojar Khan and Jhelum. Salary package is around 30k-35k. kindly share your resume at: mshuja.cp@gmail.com  till 27th June 2018
COMSATS University Islamabad (Fall 2018 Semester) Admissions Open
See you tomorrow!  This is a wonderful opportunity for graduating students and alumni looking for jobs. Also, internships opportunities will be there for 6th and 7th semester students.  #JobFair #CareersExpo #COMSATSUniversity
Spcial discount for COMSATS Employees , Students and Alumni. Get a ticket for RS 350/-  and enjoy an entertaining comedy theatre play that you will leave laughing. Tickets are available on first come first serve basis  Contact:  Muhammad Umer (m.umer@comsats.edu.pk)- 0321-5037013 Muhammad Junaid: 0312-5637557

Photo taken by Arhum Junaid
#Islamabad: Students have beaten this innocent student of BBA 3rd semester in #COMSATS Islamabad cafe. He was sitting with his female friends. Then these goons came and started staring and teasing female students. That guy simply changed the table and sit on another table. They reached him and said why you changed the table and started beating him. Haroon got internal bleeding and skull injuries. Next 24 hours will be cruicial for him. No FIR has been launched yet. Please pra...y for Haroon and mention authorities to serve right justice. Consequent upon the decision of the Campus Discipline Committee (CDC), the following students in account of violent misconduct at the campus premises are being suspended with immediate effect and till further order. - Muhammad Hamza Sharif __ SP15-BBA-157 - Saad Nasir __ FA14-BCS-032 - Anas Manzoor __ FA14-BCS-115 - Syed Hasam ul Hassan __ FA14-BCS-054
Business Simulation Workshop held at Management Sciences Dept arranged by Sir Adil Paracha. The Purpose of this software based Simulation was to expose the graduating students to realistic situations and how to cope up with them.Comsats has also got a distinction in this regard as no other university in Pakistan has ever done such business simulation,universities like MIT and harvard university of America have been using such simulation.All due to the efforts of Sir Adil paracha. Picture Credits: Arslan's Foto Phactory
Post
#Ehsas #Undergraduate #Scholarships2020 #phase2 #EhsasProgram #cuiofficial #cuinews #comsats Apply now
Hello amazing followers! Bringing you the first ever live session of Hult Prize on 9th of October at 8pm sharp hosted by our on-campus director, Zaryab Waheed, ...and Executive Council, Maheen Tanveer. Our guests Wajih who was the first ever campus director of Hult CUI and Talha Hafeez, the first regional qualifier, will give you all the information you need.  Stay home, stay safe! . . . . #HultPrizeCU #HultPrizeCU #UnitedNations #ForUsByUs #HP21 #WeMakeTheChange #UN21 #Comsats#UnitedNations #BillClinton #hultprizefoundation #WeMakeTheChange #hultprize #comsats #ForUsByUs #oncampus #islamabad #entertainment #pakistani #powerforgood #hultprize #hultprizecui #followforfollow #WeMakeTheChange #WeMakeTheChange #ahmadashkar #accelerator #hultprizeus #comment4comment #likeforlikes #un #makeadifference #changemakers #pakistan #instagram #idea #hultprizefoundation



Students from the Department of Management Sciences called on Rector, CUI to wish him Happy Teachers Day #cuiofficial #CUINEWS #cui #comsats #Teachersday



A thanksgiving dinner for unsung heroes of campus was arranged on 1 October at 7:00 pm in main auditorium. These heroes include the sanitary workers, gardeners,... skilled workers, and security staff. These individuals are part of the campus and keep on performing their duties in the background silently. They provide us with clean, green, and safe place to work and study. We seldom notice the hard work they are putting in, in order to make our stay on campus as much pleasant as possible.  Campus Director, CUI Abbottabad campus expressed his gratitude by hosting a small get together for them to acknowledge their efforts year-round and specially in the lockdown phase of COVID-19.

#CUIOFFICIAL #COMSATS #CUIRANKINGS #CUI #THEUniRankings #InternationalUniversityRankings #YoungUni #THEGlobalImpact #THEemerging #WUR #WorldUniverstiyRankings #TimesHigherEducation #Pakistan #PakistanUniversities #sdg8 #HEC #ECONOMICGROWTH
An online session was organised with one of the most iconic personality and honourable Chair Emerson College Media Studies Prof.Dr Gregory Payn..This meeting wa...s conducted on September 25,2020 at 6pm..The main purpose of this meeting was to introduce Mr Greg to the participants of Globcom Summit and to communicate and discuss the future concerns to build stronger connections..Apart of all that future plans and promotions were discussed that how to do networking globally regarding summit and the video projects designed by the students part of team harmony..Students had a Great Experience..looking forward for more combined projects and work, innovative learnings to embrace and polish the skills of talented students...
#CUIOFFICIAL #COMSATS #CUIRANKINGS #CUI #THEUniRankings #InternationalUniversityRankings #YoungUni #THEGlobalImpact #THEemerging #WUR #WorldUniverstiyRankings #TimesHigherEducation #Pakistan #PakistanUniversities #wur2021
#CUIOFFICIAL #COMSATS #CUIRANKINGS #CUI #THEUniRankings #InternationalUniversityRankings #YoungUni #THEGlobalImpact #THEemerging #WUR #WorldUniverstiyRankings #TimesHigherEducation #asianuniversities #asian #ASIA
#CUIOFFICIAL #COMSATS #CUIRANKINGS #CUI #THEUniRankings #InternationalUniversityRankings #YoungUni #THEGlobalImpact #THEemerging #WUR #WorldUniverstiyRankings #TimesHigheL #COMSATS #CUIRANKINGS #CUI #THEUniRankings #InternationalUniversityRankings #YoungUni #THEGlobalImpact #THEemerging #WUR #WorldUniverstiyRankings #TimesHighe#TimesHigherEducationrEducation
#CUIOFFICIAL #COMSATS #CUIRANKINGS #CUI #THEUniRankings #InternationalUniversityRankings #YoungUni #THEGlobalImpact #THEemerging #WUR #WorldUniverstiyRankings #TimesHigherEducation

 Since its inception in 2005, ZEM Builders has grown into one of most prominent builders in Bahria Town. They have developed/managed... array of residential, commercial, and retail properties throughout Bahria Rawalpindi. ZEM Builders envisions world class luxury living for people of Pakistan, and with this ambition at its core, has taken its projects to pinnacle of excellence. While ZEM has handled numerous project sales for Bahria Town, till date ZEM builders has undertaken 4 construction projects. Currently 3 of their projects are underway, while the 1st one called ZEM Heights is now complete and handed over to the occupants. All their projects are known for high standard of construction and exceptional architectural designs. deadline to apply: Wednesday, September 30, 2020
Media Students of Comsats University Islamabad Lahore campus has submitted their News Reports to US organisation to be included in global web series.   Global Y...outh Reporters from Media Studies Department of COMSATS University Islamabad, Lahore Campus have successfully submitted their reports to Team Harmony for the Global Web series about Hate: What are you going to do?  We feel incredibly excited to announce that there will be a screening of these videos as soon as possible on our University campus.  This was not possible without the mutual cooperation of Mentors like Mr. Rick founder Team Harmony, Advisor Team Harmony Mr. Gregore Payne, Global Youth Reporter Team Leader Eleanor Barkett, Team Leader Tricia Raynard, and Team Leaders Pakistan Mr. Sohail Riaz Raja and Ms. Mehroz Sajjad, and the selfless support of DG protocol Women Protection Punjab Miss Fatima Chaddar, Director Operations Cybercrime wing Abdul Rab Chaudary and Mr. Faraz, Analyst journalist and Social worker Mr. Salman Abid, Trainer Psychotherapist Miss Jahanara, Khawajasara Society Sobo Malik, Mr. Bilal from Faida foundation, Mr. Shakeel Malik and Mr. Sufyan faculty media studies of COMSATS university, Lahore campus.  #TeamHarmony #emersoncollege #comsats  #GYR #peace #gregorepayne #rickrendon
#LifeatCUI CUI - Islamabad Campus Comsats News Network - CNN #cuinews
Zarkhaiz Farms is looking for a good resource for an Accountant post . The resource should have an experience of 2 year minimum in this field.  The last date to apply is October 2,  2020.  
Prof. Afzal said that COMSATS University accords highest priority to the on campus safety and wellbeing of its students. He said that the university is taking strong precautionary measures and organizing awareness sessions for students and faculty. He also said that it is the responsibility of every citizen to respond actively towards the containment measures of the government so that life may continue to function according to the new normal.  Prof. Afzal also said that COMSATS University has devised assays for the rapid detection of the causative virus of the pandemic which are being tested at NIH. He lauded the role of Healthcare practitioners, doctors, paramedics working in hospitals and officials of NIH who were engaged in disease surveillance at a high personal risk.
The nation is grateful to its Healthcare workers who have rendered services at an immense personal risk; these remarks were made by Prof. Dr. Muhammad T. Afzal, Rector COMSATS University Islamabad, while inaugurating a random screening clinic organized by the National Institute of Health at the Islamabad Campus of CUI.
Get Ready to be blown away in this amazing session with the Emmy-award winning director The Futur. Learn to speak the language of business, marketing, and strat...egy. If you have never heard of him, you're missing out on a ton of valuable content.  Ask more questions until the problem or solution becomes Clear.
Prime Minister's Electric Wheelchair Scheme for University Students The applicants should meet the eligibility criteria as much on the brochure. Applicants/students are required to fill up and submit the online application form on eportal.hec.gov.pk/wheelchair.
Post

Nust ma Hostel ki Monthly kitni fee hoti ha ( Seperate room aur Duo dono ka bata dein thanks).

Is it important to submit the Covid test reports on orientation? I am dayscholar.
If you plan to prepare for NUST entrance tests already for the year 2021. I have got some credible past papers, of anees hussain academy. The name is enough to know their worth. They are updated version of march 2019. Also got complete Anees Hussain NET preparation course, only pdfs made on order. Very extensive two books in total 400-500 page each. All chapter covered of Mathematics, Physi...cs and Chemistry. With practice questions of every chapter and answer keys
AoA . whether the day scholars have to submit the corona test report (PCR report ) along with medical certificate at respective schools at the time of orientation or this is only for hostalities . I'm confused plz guide.
#BS_People 4th list has been Uploaded Go and Check Best of Luck 🤞

My admission in NUST seems impossible this year. And, I'm willing to take NET 1 in December, Inshaa'Allah. I want to ask that which books should I study for maths and IQ.? Secondly, I've done FSc (Pre-medical),and am I only eligible to apply for S3H? Can't I apply for NBS?
Guys who have applied for hostel in eme get ready to pay 80k.hostel status is being updated.
Credit goes to Waleed Bin Tahir maina siraf 3rd list add ki
Pnec se kisi ko mail ayi h orientation ya opening ki????
Maina lms ma roll number ma CMS ID dal di thi or jab end pa form print karwaya to ab usma roll number ma bhi CMS ID likha araha ha or registration no ma bhi or ab lms ma update bhi nhi horaha to koi issue to nhi haI had put CMS ID in the roll number in lms and when I printed the form at the end, now I am writing CMS ID in the roll number as well as in the registration number and now I am not even updated in lms, so there is no issue.
Post

AoA . whether the day scholars have to submit the corona test report (PCR report ) along with medical certificate at respective schools at the time of orientation or this is only for hostalities . I'm confused plz guide.
Nust ma Hostel ki Monthly kitni fee hoti ha ( Seperate room aur Duo dono ka bata dein thanks).

If you plan to prepare for NUST entrance tests already for the year 2021. I have got some credible past papers, of anees hussain academy. The name is enough to know their worth. They are updated version of march 2019. Also got complete Anees Hussain NET preparation course, only pdfs made on order. Very extensive two books in total 400-500 page each. All chapter covered of Mathematics, Physi...cs and Chemistry. With practice questions of every chapter and answer keys
Guys who have applied for hostel in eme get ready to pay 80k.hostel status is being updated.
My admission in NUST seems impossible this year. And, I'm willing to take NET 1 in December, Inshaa'Allah. I want to ask that which books should I study for maths and IQ.? Secondly, I've done FSc (Pre-medical),and am I only eligible to apply for S3H? Can't I apply for NBS?

Credit goes to Waleed Bin Tahir maina siraf 3rd list add ki
#BS_People 4th list has been Uploaded Go and Check Best of Luck 🤞
 Edit: To all those asking "te kahan se mila?", ye joining instructions hain apko aap k department se email hongay
EME ky students jinhain hostel mill gai hain un ki joining kb hai ??
Pnec se kisi ko mail ayi h orientation ya opening ki????
Post
Hi folks!  Hope you all are doing great and giving your final touch for your upcoming entry test. I am sharing a link of a yiutube channel plz subscribe it. This will be beneficial for the preparation for your test specially the #EDS portion of your paper. So plz subscribe it and make most of it from this channel.
 Pakistan Medical Commission has declared the final decision regarding the syllabus of National MD...CAT-2020 according to which there will be no specified syllabus. Instead, the syllabus of MDCAT will be common to the syllabi of all the provincial bodies previously conducting exams.  Now it is recommended that students finalize their preparation according to the syllabus of their provincial MDCAT.
 Moreover, these tricks will help you easily learn quick solution of chemistry multiple choice questions which will ultimately help you while attempting tests 🔥 Visit my Facebook Group for more updates: https://bit.ly/2D28yDM 💥 Visit my Instagram Page for more updates https://www.instagram.com/chemistry.irshad.bhatti/
MCAT Alert As per notice issued By PMC any provincial  Govt can conduct  their  Entry Test for only Public  college admissions but it is also mandatory  for all over STUDENTS  in Pakistan  to appear  in NATIONAL  MDCAT.. It means STUDENTS  in sindh have to Give two MDCAT Exams

𝐑𝐞𝐠𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐨𝐩𝐞𝐧 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝗣𝗵𝗮𝘀𝗲 𝟯, ( 𝗠𝗲𝗴𝗮 𝗧𝗲𝘀𝘁)! ▪️ ▪️ 𝑷𝒉𝒂𝒔𝒆 2, 𝑶𝒏𝒍𝒊𝒏𝒆 𝑴𝒐𝒄𝒌 𝑨𝒔𝒔𝒆𝒔𝒔𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕 𝑻𝒆𝒔𝒕 𝑪𝒐𝒏𝒅𝒖𝒄𝒕𝒆𝒅 𝒃𝒚 𝑺𝑺𝑼𝑻𝑺 𝒐𝒏 5𝒕𝒉 𝑂𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑏𝑒𝑟, 2020! ▪️... ▪️ Phase 3,(𝗠𝗲𝗴𝗮 𝗧𝗲𝘀𝘁) From Xi and Xii Will be conducted on 15th October, 2020. ▪️ ▪️ For Phase 3, Registration contact: ✍🏻 +92 318 0324465 +92 341 3155601 ▪️ 𝐑𝐞𝐠𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐦 𝐅𝐨𝐫𝐦:👇🏻👇🏻 https://docs.google.com/…/1zLTsfC9XZKFwakmZq8mhOUZF23…/edit…
BOOST UP YOUR PREPARATION BY PRACTICING WITH PRINTED MDCAT FLPs AT YOUR CONVENIENCE 👨‍🏫
 The Test provides proper NTS Environment along with Beneficial Guidance to the Students. It is an OPPORTUNITY no one should Miss before their Final Test.
 Check ur slips
MCAT Alert Unsettled Dispute bw Sindh MCAT PUMHSW NTS And PMC . According To Sindh NTS MCAT Test will be held be held on 18th Oct 2020 according to their previo...us Announcement of PUMhs post on their website  . Today's Latest News In Dunya Newspaper Has-been Published That Sindh will take entry Test on 18th Oct 2020 and Admission will be made in Medical Universities according to NTS Sindh Merit list . However Test Aggregate for Sindh Under 50% has not been Decided Yet And Roll No Slips Admitxards For Test has not been issued yet leaving Students in a miserable Situation. Hopefully Official Announcement by Sindh Govt will be made Tomorrow Evening  or  till Monday. Note Special Advise for Students jb tk offical Announcement nahi hoti Sindh govt ki Jaanib sa TB tk test cancel nahi hoga TB tk aaplog Sindh ka test ki Prepration jaari rakhain. Koi or Province Separate Test laina ko tyar nahi ha Except Sindh ka .At the End Sindh Students have to Suffer by Giving Two test because aik to national MDCAT ka aggregate 50% ha aur 2nd Sindh MCAT ka Lia bhi 50% aggregate hoga joka decide nahi hua abhi Tk to Dono test Equally imp ha aur may be Sindh Test pass krna bhi compulsory ho Jaisa National MDCAT na Kia ha.


https://youtu.be/f1F-KWBS_Yw. check Latest News of Sindh PUMHS MCAt Test Source Today's  Dunya Newspaper Test will be held by Sindh On 18thbOct Each video on given SMA COLLEGIATE YouTube link as mentioned above

Post
Post
Hello Candidates    It is looking merit will be high and expected merit will be  above 88% for morning and 85% for evening. It is not official but you should secure your admission in other universities too. So, having a option is good thing. No. of students have applied in both campuses and they can choose only 1 campus after appearing names in Merit lists. Also many students will not secure admission in PUCIT as they already gone to other universities. So, seats will be occu...pied respectively. #Merit prediction is same as previous. #Stay_Hopefull

Free Session on Git/Github/GitFlow ------------------------------- Version Control Systems have become a mandatory tool now a days. Git is such a VCS. But git is more than that. Anyone who keeps anything on computer should know about it and use it. As a CS student, you must know more about it and start using it instantly. In following session, we'll learn its basics and how you should use it in your Final Year project. Who should join: Anyone who manages any content on comput...er. Who must join: Final Year students must join this. When: 03-Oct-2020 5:00 PM PKT Where: Online Zoom To Register: For Video & Material: https://github.com/b…/first-step-towards-professional-career https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLQUEn13TjA



List me name any ky bad agar us field me apply na krna ho to dosri liat ka wait kr skty hn ???? Or agar name any ky baad pehli list me fee deposit na karvai ho or dosri list me ksi or field ka wait kr rhy hn to kia name cancel ho jye ga sab lists or uni sy ?????
Mai na bsse ko pahli preferane di hai magar mai bscs mai admission laina chahta hoo.list lagna ka baad kis tarah feild change karoo
AND THE WAIT IS FINALLY OVER!! Kiss your boredom and tell her to take a night off for in this year of unprecedented surprises, EMS brings yet another one. 🎉
Overseas seat ki merit list ki kia date hai?


Gys please bta dien pucit mein is year merrit  kitna axpect kea ja rahha hy (Bs SE,Cs,IT) kilye..........
